Walk to the Women's Restroom East Entrance past Downtown Subway. Women's Restroom East Entrance will be near Women's Restroom West Entrance.
Walk to the Pita Pit South-East from Two PPG Place for 4 intersections. Pita Pit will be near Subway.
Walk to the Mcardle's Pub past Blue Grotto Pizza. It will be near Nakama Japanese Steakhouse.
Come to Pizza Hut. Walk North-West and past Papa John's. Pizza Hut will be near Library for the Blind Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh.
Come to Nationality Rooms. Go North and past Cathedral of Learning. Nationality Rooms will be near Cathedral of Learning.
Go to the PNC Park Box Office past Two North Shore Center. It will be near Steel Cactus Restaurante & Cantina.
Come to E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge. Head past Boutique la Passerelle. E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge will be near E Carson St at Station Square.
Meet at Allegheny Center. Head past Visionworks. Allegheny Center will be near Children's Museum of Pittsburgh.
Come to Gandy Dancer. Head past Subway. Gandy Dancer will be near P & LERR Building.
Come to Urban League of Pittsburgh. Head past Lawless Hall (St. Mary of Mercy Church). Urban League of Pittsburgh will be near Peppi's.
Go to the Shehady Carpet & Rugs North-East and past Bricolage Production Company. Shehady Carpet & Rugs will be near Homewood Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown.
Meet at First Avenue. Walk North-West and past Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County. It will be near First Avenue. If you reach First Avenue, you have gone too far.
Meet at Crazy Mocha. Head past Darragh Street Apartments. It will be near Panera Bread.
Come to Ballroom 3 South Entrance. Go North-West and past DeLuca, Ricciuti & Konieczka. Ballroom 3 South Entrance will be near Brigade East Entrance.
Go to the Trapuzzano Italian Chophouse West from Steel Cactus for 3 intersections. Trapuzzano Italian Chophouse will be near Pamela's Diner. If you reach Jitters Cafe & Ice Cream, you have gone too far.
Go to the Conestoga Building South-West and past CVS. Conestoga Building will be near parking.
Come to Nationality Rooms. Head North-East and past waste_basket. Nationality Rooms will be near Cathedral of Learning.
Meet at Joey & Dolly's North Shore Deli. Head North-West and past 4moms. It will be near Lillen's Pizza.
Come to East Ohio St opp Union Ave. Head South-East and past Allegheny Center. East Ohio St opp Union Ave will be near Allegheny Center Alliance Church.
Come to Spa Jema. Walk South-West and past CVS. It will be near Gateway Center Post Office.
Go to the Glitterbox Theater North-West and past Mitchell's Tavern. Glitterbox Theater will be near Bloomcraft.
Walk North-West and past Sterlings 1 and meet at Sterlings 2. Sterlings 2 will be near Sterlings Foyer Restrooms Entrance.
Head to the Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts past Verizon Wireless. Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts will be near Amos Hall.
Come to Wine & Spirits. Walk North-East and past Allegheny Commons East Park. Wine & Spirits will be near Hallelujah Anyhow Gosepel Barber. If you reach Alex's Ice Cream, you have gone too far.
Meet at ZAP Solutions. Go North and past Frederick J. Osterling Office and Studio. ZAP Solutions will be near WTW Architects.
Meet at Cricket Wireless. Walk past Pashek Associates. Cricket Wireless will be near Priory Fine Pastries. If you reach Priory Fine Pastries, you have gone too far.
Meet at Henry Heymann Theatre. Go past Nicholas Lochoff Cloister. Henry Heymann Theatre will be near Charity Randall Theatre.
Come to The Porch at Schenley. Go past rue21. It will be near Swirl Crepe.
Head to the Salem Halal Grill past The Midwife Center. It will be near Salem Halal Market.
Meet at Restroom Entrance. Go South-West and past Three Gateway Center. It will be near Entry.
Meet at Gandy Dancer. Head North-West and past Panhandle Bridge. Gandy Dancer will be near P & LERR Building.
Come to MetroPCS. Go North-West and past Badamo's Pizza. MetroPCS will be near Nana's Northside Diner. If you reach J.R. Coffee Shop, you have gone too far.
Meet at Stanwix. Walk past McDonald's. Stanwix will be near Women's Restroom (East) Entrance.
Walk to the Cafe Milano South-East and past Christos Mediterranean Grille. It will be near Redbeard's on Sixth.
Go to the Primanti Bros. Restaurant past Forbes Garage. Primanti Bros. Restaurant will be near Forbes Garage. If you reach Law & Finance Building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Fort Pitt Blvd at Smithfield St. Go South-West and past Mamma Lucia. It will be near Fort Pitt Blvd at Smithfield St.
Walk to the First Commonwealth Bank past Centre Court Apartments. It will be near Enterprisers Tax & Accounting.
Walk to the Starbucks South-West and past Crystal. Starbucks will be near Downtown Subway.
Walk North-West and past Bluff and meet at Bluff. Bluff will be near UPMC Mercy Physical Therapy Garden.
Go to the Book Center North-East and past UPMC Green Space. It will be near Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts. If you reach Holland Hall, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Bartlett Playground past Bartlett Playground. It will be near Bartlett Street Shelter.
Head to the Parking, Security & Beyond past Guardian Storage Strip District and continue to the next block. It will be near Dancer's Pointe.
Go to the Steel Cactus West and past Henne Jewelers. Steel Cactus will be near Rite Aid. If you reach L'Occitane, you have gone too far.
Walk past Park House and meet at Rita's Italian Ice. Rita's Italian Ice will be near Alex's Ice Cream.
Go to the J.R. Coffee Shop West and past Legends of the North Shore. J.R. Coffee Shop will be near Nana's Northside Diner. If you reach El Burro, you have gone too far.
Go to the Lockhart Tire West and past Allegheny River. Lockhart Tire will be near parking.
Walk to the Mcardle's Pub past Pittsburgh Guitars. Mcardle's Pub will be near Nakama Japanese Steakhouse.
Come to Alta Villa Spa & Salon. Head past Madison Realty Group. Alta Villa Spa & Salon will be near The Apollo Cafe. If you reach Big Day Entertainment, you have gone too far.
Come to Pittsburgh Jeans Company. Go West and past Dees Cafe. It will be near Silvi's Southwestern Kitchen.
Meet at Wood Street. Head past Wood Street Galleries and continue to the next intersection. Wood Street will be near Wood Street.
Meet at Women's Restroom East Entrance. Walk past Wood Street Galleries. Women's Restroom East Entrance will be near Restroom.
Come to Eureka Building. Go 10 blocks past Rite Aid. Eureka Building will be near Public Safety Building. If you reach Eureka Building, you have gone too far.
Come to The Modern Cafe. Go North-West and past Precious Styles. The Modern Cafe will be near City Books. If you reach Light of Life Rescue Mission, you have gone too far.
Come to Dairy Queen. Go South-East and past Allegheny County Jail. It will be near Doce Taqueria. If you reach Slacker, you have gone too far.
Meet at Flamers. Go South-West and past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near Visionworks.
Walk to the Nana's Northside Diner North-West and past El Burro. Nana's Northside Diner will be near Crazy Mocha. If you reach Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh-Allegheny, you have gone too far.
Come to VIP Styles. Head past Downtown Subway. VIP Styles will be near Ninja Entertainment.
Head to the South Stairwell Entrance North-West and past Gateway Center Park. South Stairwell Entrance will be near Women's Restroom (East) Entrance.
Meet at Gold's Gym. Go past 6th and Penn Garage. Gold's Gym will be near McDonald's.
Head to the Yinzers in the Burgh. When you pass Gene Sanes Furniture Store, you'll be just     7 intersections away. It will be near Sambok Korean Groceries. If you reach Moonlight Express, you have gone too far.
Come to Le Mardis Gras. Head North-East and past Residence on Fifth. It will be near Eden. If you reach Eden, you have gone too far.
Meet at Kindred Cycles. Go South-West and past Pittsburgh Line. Kindred Cycles will be near St. Moritz Labor Services.
Walk to the Flowershow Studio South and past Downtown Subway. It will be near Kountz & Rider.
Meet at Grandpa Joe's Ice Cream Shop. Head past Mahla Office Furniture. Grandpa Joe's Ice Cream Shop will be near Hot Haute Hot.
Come to Allegheny Arms Apartments. Walk North-West and past William Penn Association. It will be near Book Discount Warehouse.
Meet at Happy Nails. Head South-East and past J.R. Coffee Shop. Happy Nails will be near MetroPCS.
Go to the Art of Steel past Mellon Green. It will be near Penn Animal Hospital.
Meet at Heinz. Go South-West and past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near Ballroom 2 West Entrance.
Meet at 1311 Carson. Go past Carson City Saloon and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Schwartz Living Market.
Meet at Northside Institutional Church. Head past USPS. Northside Institutional Church will be near Agape Learning Center.
Come to Hoolahan Optometric. Head North-East and past Allegheny Commons East Park. It will be near Northside Dental. If you reach Stephen M Brady Funeral Home, you have gone too far.
Come to The Blind Pig. Walk West and past Pizza Hut. It will be near South Side Tattoo.
Go to the Schiller Classical Academy Library past Conemaugh Line. It will be near Schiller Classical Academy.
Go to the Wellington past Hampshire Hall. Wellington will be near parking.
Meet at Clark Bar & Grill. Head North-West and past Red Lot 7B. It will be near Clark Building.
Come to Bradley's Book Outlet. Go past Conemaugh Line. Bradley's Book Outlet will be near Deluca's Diner. If you reach Pamela's Diner - Cash only, you have gone too far.
Meet at Mount Washington Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh. Go past Mon Line. It will be near Grandview United Presbyterian Church.
Come to Dippy. Walk past West Wing. It will be near Stephen Foster.
Walk to the Yard North-East and past Ascension Green. The Yard will be near Shadyside Garage.
Meet at 941 Saloon. Head South-West and past Enrico Biscotti Company. 941 Saloon will be near Bae Bae's Kitchen.
Come to Cricket Wireless. Go past Empty office building. Cricket Wireless will be near JR's Bar. If you reach Mueller's Hardware, you have gone too far.
Walk past St. Mary of Mercy Church and meet at Kings Garden North Entrance. Kings Garden North Entrance will be near Men's Restroom.
Meet at Memorial wall for the homeless people who have died on the streets of Pittsburgh. Walk South-East and past Dollar Bank. It will be near Fairfield Inn & Suites.
Walk to the BW Keystone Floral Supply past Klavon's Ice Cream Parlor and continue to the next intersection. BW Keystone Floral Supply will be near Dancer's Pointe. If you reach Pittsburgh Winery, you have gone too far.
Meet at Christos Mediterranean Grille. Go South and past Arnold's Tea. Christos Mediterranean Grille will be near Verve 360.
Meet at Love Ramen. Go South-West and past Mazeroski Field. Love Ramen will be near Oakwood Apartments.
Meet at Caliban Book Shop. Walk South-East and past Information Sciences Building. It will be near Subway.
Meet at Lawless Hall (St. Mary of Mercy Church). Head past Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge. It will be near St. Mary of Mercy Church.
Walk to the Allegheny Center past Soho. It will be near Children's Museum of Pittsburgh.
Walk to the Electric Garage North-East and past P&W Subdivision. Electric Garage will be near charging_station.
Meet at Tennis Village. Go West and past Tennis Village. Tennis Village will be near Mineo Building. If you reach Sushi Too, you have gone too far.
Meet at The UPS Store. Go past Ibiza Tapas & Wine Bar. The UPS Store will be near United States Post Office.
Head to the Logan's Pub North-East and past Tamarind. Logan's Pub will be near Luna Bar & Grill.
Come to Tom's Diner. Head past Levelz sports lounge and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Jimmy D's.
Come to Hook Fish & Chicken. Walk 2 intersections past Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh-Allegheny. Hook Fish & Chicken will be near MetroPCS.
Head to the Shadyside Market and Deli North-East and past Seoul Mart. Shadyside Market and Deli will be near South Aiken Bar and Grill. If you reach Pandora, you have gone too far.
Meet at Liberty Ave at Stanwix St. Walk past Wood St at Third Ave. It will be near fountain.
Meet at Allegheny General Hospital Center for Children. Head past School House Apartments. It will be near Paul's Automotive.
Walk to the North Side North-West from Red Lot 5A for 2 intersections. North Side will be near North Side.
Head to the Crystal River Gems past Tavern 245. Crystal River Gems will be near Fifth Avenue Place.
Walk to the Immaculate Heart of Mary Church North-West and past NO TURN ON RED. Immaculate Heart of Mary Church will be near Immaculate Heart of Mary.
Come to Fernando's Cafe. Head past Bar Louie. Fernando's Cafe will be near Cricket Wireless.
Come to Prince of Peace Convent. Head South-West and past Siegel and Portnoy. It will be near Arium Chapel Presbyterian Church.
Walk North-West and past Whitfield Hall and meet at Tamarind. Tamarind will be near Pittsburgh Community Services.
Come to Joseph Stern Building. Walk past Starbucks. It will be near Hillel Jewish University Center.
Come to Las Palmas. Go West and past Central Oakland Apartments. It will be near Bangal Kebab House & Restaurant. If you reach Central Oakland Apartments, you have gone too far.
Come to Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts. Head past On the Run. Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts will be near Amos Hall.
Come to Qdoba. Walk past Starbucks. It will be near Subway.
Come to Courthouse Tavern. Head past Wood St at Sixth Ave. Courthouse Tavern will be near Cardamone's Hair & Nail Salon. If you reach City News & Arcade, you have gone too far.
Come to Buca di Beppo. Go past Boyd Building. Buca di Beppo will be near Crazy Mocha.
Come to Hilton Garden Inn. Head past Entry. Hilton Garden Inn will be near Boutique la Passerelle.
Come to Diocesan Council For Catholic Women. Walk South-West and past Starbucks. Diocesan Council For Catholic Women will be near Subway.
Meet at Fine Wine & Good Spirits. Walk South-East and past Penn Avenue Place. It will be near Triangle Park.
Meet at Siempre Algo. Go North-East and past Siempre Algo. Siempre Algo will be near Wine & Spirits. If you reach Alex's Ice Cream, you have gone too far.
Meet at 3 Rivers Lounge. Go past One PPG Place. It will be near Sterlings 3.
Head to the Litchfield Tower C past Charity Randall Theatre. Litchfield Tower C will be near Litchfield Tower B.
Come to First Avenue. Walk South and past Steel Plaza. First Avenue will be near First Avenue.
Come to The Lava Lounge. Go past Soul II Sole. It will be near Silvi's Southwestern Kitchen.
Come to Repurposed For Kids. Head North-East and past Open Stage Theatre. It will be near Farmers Daughter. If you reach General Store, you have gone too far.
Come to Yinzers in the Burgh. Head past Grant Street Transportation Center. It will be near Schorin Company. If you reach Schorin Company, you have gone too far.
Meet at Little Bangkok in the Strip. Walk North-East from Gene Sanes Furniture Store for 8 intersections. Little Bangkok in the Strip will be near Moonlight Express.
Come to City News & Arcade. Head South-West and past Trinity Cathedral. It will be near The Headgear. If you reach Yuzu Kitchen, you have gone too far.
Come to Slacker. Head South-East and past E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge. It will be near Vogt True Value Hardware.
Walk to the Wood Street South-West and past 8th and Penn (construction). It will be near Wood Street Galleries.
Come to BeehIve Coffee. Go past Mike & Tony's Gyros. BeehIve Coffee will be near Starbucks.
Come to Sprint Nextel Corporate Store. Go West and past Diocesan Council For Catholic Women. Sprint Nextel Corporate Store will be near Lumiere (construction).
Head to the Brigade East Entrance past Benedum and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Entry.
Head to the Manchester Elementary School Library West and past Wilson's BBq. It will be near Manchester Elementary School.
Come to Bakersfield. Walk 3 intersections past 908 Penn Avenue Apartments. It will be near Bridges & Bourbon. If you reach The Cultural's Elite Salon & Barber Shop, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Emiliano's West and past Dollar Bank. Emiliano's will be near parking.
Walk to the Bellefield Hall Swimming Pool past Five Guys. It will be near Bellefield Hall.
Meet at Pennsylvania Libations. Go past Lillen's Pizza. Pennsylvania Libations will be near Mercy's Gifts & Crafts.
Go to the Wood St at Sixth Ave North-East and past Yuzu Kitchen. Wood St at Sixth Ave will be near Wood Street. If you reach Wood St at Sixth Ave, you have gone too far.
Go past UPMC Optical and meet at Panera Bread. Panera Bread will be near Quality Inn University Center.
Meet at ZAP Solutions. Go past Gateway Towers. It will be near WTW Architects.
Come to Uptown Pittsburgh Post Office. Go South-East and past Steel Plaza. It will be near parking.
Head to the Brigade East Entrance South-West and past Liberty Avenue Park. It will be near Charters Entrance.
Go to the Rock'n Joe South-West and past Pennsylvania Canal. Rock'n Joe will be near Office of Occupational & Vocational Rehabilitation.
Meet at Boss House. Head West and past Schenley Plaza Pavillion. It will be near Hammerschlag House.
Meet at Kings Garden North Entrance. Head past Heinz Entrance. Kings Garden North Entrance will be near Men's Restroom Entrance.
Head to the Starbucks past Steel Plaza. It will be near Au Bon Pain.
Come to Pittsburgh Renaissance. Go past Giovanni's Pizza & Pasta and continue to the next block. Pittsburgh Renaissance will be near Byham Theater. If you reach Byham Theater, you have gone too far.
Come to Starship. Go North-East and past Biomedical Science Tower South. Starship will be near Noodles & Company.
Go to the Light of Life Rescue Mission North-West and past Giovanni's Pizza & Pasta. Light of Life Rescue Mission will be near Badamo's Pizza.
Come to Just Ducky Tours. Walk South-West and past Zone 2 Cultural District Substation. It will be near Commerce Court.
Meet at Bloomcraft. Go North and past Bloomcraft. It will be near Trade Shops.
Go to the Nicholas Lochoff Cloister past Schenley Tunnel. Nicholas Lochoff Cloister will be near Frick Fine Arts Building.
Meet at Barry's Pub. Go South and past Barry's Pub. It will be near Cafe Du Jour. If you reach Jack's Bar, you have gone too far.
Come to Valero. Go West and past The Salvation Army. It will be near Rite Aid Pharmacy.
Go to the Southside Steaks past Commonwealth Press. Southside Steaks will be near Pizza Hut.
Walk South-East and past Courtyard by Marriott Pittsburgh Downtown and meet at Fernando's Cafe. Fernando's Cafe will be near Condado Tacos.
Walk to the Nationality Rooms past Bombay Food Market. It will be near Cathedral of Learning.
Come to Nana's Northside Diner. Walk past Andy Warhol Bridge. Nana's Northside Diner will be near J.R. Coffee Shop. If you reach J.R. Coffee Shop, you have gone too far.
Go to the Christos Mediterranean Grille South and past Ft. Duquesne & Sixth Garage. Christos Mediterranean Grille will be near Verve 360.
Walk past August Wilson Center for African American Culture and meet at 7-Eleven. 7-Eleven will be near Cafe Milano.
Walk to the Hot Haute Hot 11 intersections past Outlaw Studios. It will be near Strip District Meats. If you reach LOOM, you have gone too far.
Walk past Allegheny and meet at Point Perk. Point Perk will be near Boulevard Apartments: North Tower.
Come to Italian Village Pizza. Head past (former Kaufmann's/Macy's) and continue to the next intersection. It will be near VIP Styles.
Meet at Prospect Middle School Library. Walk past E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge. Prospect Middle School Library will be near Prospect Middle School. If you reach Prospect Elementary School Library, you have gone too far.
Go to the Rothschild Doyno Collaborative North-East and past Noftz Sheet Metal. Rothschild Doyno Collaborative will be near Art's Tavern.
Come to Giovanni's Pizza & Pasta. Go past Thayer Hall. Giovanni's Pizza & Pasta will be near Roosevelt Arms.
Go to the Delanie's Coffee. When you pass Blue Lou's, you'll be just 2 blocks away. It will be near United States Post Office.
Go West and past Northside Institutional Church and meet at Allegheny Unitarian Universalist Church. Allegheny Unitarian Universalist Church will be near parking.
Go past Mexico City and meet at R & B's Pizza Place. R & B's Pizza Place will be near The Chiurazzi Law Group.
Come to Rite Aid Pharmacy. Go past Tower at PNC Plaza. It will be near Fu Lai Chinese Restaurant. If you reach Laurie's Hallmark, you have gone too far.
Meet at The Pitt Shop. Go past Rose Tea Cafe. It will be near Bruce Hall. If you reach Brackenridge Hall, you have gone too far.
Come to Smithfield Street Bridge at Station Square. Head South-East and past Mon Line. Smithfield Street Bridge at Station Square will be near Smithfield Street Bridge at Station Square.
Meet at Gateway. Walk North-West and past Duquesne University. It will be near Gateway Station.
Come to Karen Chiaramonte Insurance. Go North-East and past Lockhart Tire. It will be near Happy Nails.
Go past Blue Lou's and meet at Bruegger's Bagels. Bruegger's Bagels will be near Fat Head's.
Come to Ten Penny. Go past Moe's Southwest Grill. Ten Penny will be near Convention Tower.
Come to Caffe Davio. Go past Five Star Dentistry. Caffe Davio will be near The Tanning Room LLC.
Meet at Bartlett Street Shelter. Head past Greenfield Presbyterian Church. Bartlett Street Shelter will be near Bartlett Playground.
Come to Urban Impact Foundation. Go past Fort Wayne Line. Urban Impact Foundation will be near parking.
Go past Randyland and meet at Brighton Market. Brighton Market will be near Columbus Traditional Academy.
Meet at Joseph Stern Building. Go past Chipotle. Joseph Stern Building will be near Chipotle. If you reach Starbucks, you have gone too far.
Meet at Kindred Cycles. Walk North-East and past Jade 99 Asian Market. It will be near Edgar's Best Tacos.
Walk South-West and past Cake Nightclub and meet at The Cultural's Elite Salon & Barber Shop. The Cultural's Elite Salon & Barber Shop will be near August Henry's Burger Bar.
Come to CVS. Go West and past Wood Street. It will be near Liberty Ave at 5th Ave.
Go to the Hard Rock Cafe South-West and past Boyd Building. Hard Rock Cafe will be near Crazy Mocha.
Meet at Burger King. Walk North-West and past The Jaggerbush. It will be near Primanti Brothers.
Come to Flying Monkey Tattoo. Go past Monongahela Lower Station. Flying Monkey Tattoo will be near Schwartz Living Market. If you reach Slacker, you have gone too far.
Meet at Joseph Stern Building. Head past Salk Pavillion. Joseph Stern Building will be near Top Notch Art Supply.
Head to the Bernie's Photo Center 2 intersections past General Store. Bernie's Photo Center will be near Cricket Wireless. If you reach Empty office building, you have gone too far.
Head North-West and past Noodles & Company and meet at Rita's Italian Ice. Rita's Italian Ice will be near Pittsburgh Popcorn.
Walk South-West and past Christos Mediterranean Grille and meet at Gateway. Gateway will be near Downtown Subway.
Meet at Smithfield St at Fort Pitt Blvd. Walk South-West and past Bea Taco Town. It will be near Smithfield St at Fort Pitt Blvd.
Walk to the Duquesne Upper Station North and past Duquesne Upper Station. Duquesne Upper Station will be near The Grandview Saloon.
Meet at The Book Center. Go South-West and past The Book Center. The Book Center will be near Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts.
Meet at Joseph Stern Building. Head past Stephen Foster. Joseph Stern Building will be near Starbucks.
Meet at Oliver Garage/Piatt Place. Walk past Grant St at US Steel Building B. Oliver Garage/Piatt Place will be near McCormick & Schmick's. If you reach Doncaster On Fifth, you have gone too far.
Walk past Saint Martin Hall and meet at Saint Martin Hall. Saint Martin Hall will be near Assumption Commons.
Meet at August Henry's Burger Bar. Walk past Colony Cafe. August Henry's Burger Bar will be near King Orthodontics.
Meet at Penn Station. Head past St. Paul Cathedral Center & Synod Hall. Penn Station will be near Centre Plaza.
Come to Fort Wayne Line. Head past Pennsylvania Canal. It will be near Pittsburgh Union Station.
Meet at Doscher's. Walk North-East and past Cardinal Wright Regional School. Doscher's will be near PNC Bank.
Come to Kings Garden South. Go South-West and past Penn Avenue Place. It will be near Kings Garden East Entrance.
Come to Virginia Ave at Shop n Save. Head South-West and past Joe's Crab Shack. It will be near parking.
Head North-East and past Regional Enterprise Tower and meet at WesBanco Bank. WesBanco Bank will be near Stamoolis Brothers Company.
Come to 7th St at Ft Duquesne Blvd. Walk West and past McNally Building. It will be near Bridgestreet The Encore on 7th.
Head West and past Electric Garage and meet at Bellefield Hall Swimming Pool. Bellefield Hall Swimming Pool will be near Bellefield Hall.
Come to Casa Reyna. Walk past FlixBus Pittsburgh. Casa Reyna will be near Chicken Latino.
Head to the Oliver Garage/Piatt Place North-East and past Boutique la Passerelle. Oliver Garage/Piatt Place will be near McCormick & Schmick's.
Come to Bar Louie. Head North-West and past Allegheny River. Bar Louie will be near Burgatory.
Meet at South Stairwell Entrance. Head South-West and past Gateway Station. South Stairwell Entrance will be near Commonwealth Two Entrance.
Meet at Primanti Bros. Restaurant. Walk past P & LERR Building. Primanti Bros. Restaurant will be near Forbes Garage. If you reach The Vision Center, you have gone too far.
Head past Mike & Tony's Gyros and meet at Fat Head's. Fat Head's will be near Bruegger's Bagels.
Go to the Pizza Fiesta South-West and past McDonald's. Pizza Fiesta will be near Cricket Wireless. If you reach Giggles, you have gone too far.
Come to Lawyers Building. Head past Point Park University. Lawyers Building will be near SubMed Cafe.
Meet at 707 Penn Gallery. Walk past Mahla Office Furniture. 707 Penn Gallery will be near Mahla Office Furniture.
Go to the Yuva India Indian Eatery North-East and past Stephen Foster Memorial Museum. It will be near Kohli's.
Meet at Caliban Book Shop. Head North-East and past Lutheran University Center. Caliban Book Shop will be near Rose Tea Cafe.
Come to North Oakland. Walk past First Baptist Church. It will be near Schenley Place.
Meet at LOOM. Go past City of Pittsburgh Department of Public Works Traffic Division. LOOM will be near Pho Van.
Walk to the L'Occitane past L'Occitane. L'Occitane will be near Cafe Moulin. If you reach Sephora, you have gone too far.
Come to Stanwix Entrance. Walk past CityHigh. It will be near Ballroom 3 South Entrance.
Head to the Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge past AE Works. It will be near Repurposed For Kids. If you reach Repurposed For Kids, you have gone too far.
Meet at Starbucks. Head past BNY Mellon Center. It will be near bench.
Walk to the Downtown past Four Gateway Center. It will be near Gateway Center Park.
Go to the Rita's Italian Ice past Archies on Carson. It will be near Veterans Leadership Program of Western Pennsylvania.
Meet at PNC Bank. Go North-East and past Cipriani Pizza. PNC Bank will be near Chipotle.
Meet at Pittsburgh Plate Glass Building. Head past Pressley Street High-Rise. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Building will be near Starbucks. If you reach Primanti Bros. Restaurant, you have gone too far.
Meet at Hens and Chicks. Head North-East and past Stamoolis Brothers Company. It will be near Bow-Wow Doggie Day Care.
Meet at GameStop. Go past McDonald's and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Verizon Wireless. If you reach University of Pittsburgh Innovation Institute, you have gone too far.
Go to the First Avenue South-West and past Steel Plaza. First Avenue will be near First Avenue.
Head to the Bakersfield past There Ultra Lounge. Bakersfield will be near Subway. If you reach King Orthodontics, you have gone too far.
Head to the Warhola Video Productions, Inc North-East from Pennsylvania Libations for 8 intersections. It will be near Iron Workers Local Union No. 3. If you reach Mullaney's Harp and Fiddle Irish Pub, you have gone too far.
Meet at Business Center Entrance South. Head past Primanti Bros. Restaurant. Business Center Entrance South will be near Rivers West Entrance.
Walk to the Asia Tea House North-East and past Bouquet Gardens Building D. It will be near The Porch at Schenley.
Meet at Jester's Court. Go West and past Mario's. Jester's Court will be near Elixir Ultra Lounge.
Go to the Stephen Foster South-East and past Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall. Stephen Foster will be near Dippy.
Walk to the South Side Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh West and past Dees Cafe. It will be near Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh: South Side Branch.
Come to A1-PC Computer Shop. Head West and past Figleaf. It will be near Rothrock's Kung Fu & Tai Chi Academy.
Come to Sneaker Villa. Walk past Grant Street Transportation Center. Sneaker Villa will be near Wood St between Forbes & Fifth. If you reach First National Bank, you have gone too far.
Come to Buon Giorno Cafe. Go past CityHigh. It will be near Brightside Academy.
Meet at Birmingham Entrance. Go South-East and past Wyndham Grand Pittsburgh Downtown. Birmingham Entrance will be near Sterlings 3 Entrance.
Meet at Wendy's. Head South-East and past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near parking.
Come to Heinz Hall. Go North-West and past Skinny Building. Heinz Hall will be near Girl Scouts of Southwestern Pennsylvania.
Meet at The Exchange Buy-Sell-Trade. Go North-East and past Trinity Cathedral. The Exchange Buy-Sell-Trade will be near Images.
Go to the Pappi's past Allegheny Refrigeration. It will be near Mana Boardgame Tavern.
Go South-West and past Mike & Tony's Gyros and meet at Coat Room Door. Coat Room Door will be near Board Room.
Head to the R Wine Cellar - Pittsburgh Urban Winery South-East and past Robert Wholey & Co. Inc. R Wine Cellar - Pittsburgh Urban Winery will be near Smallman Galley.
Head to the Brigade East Entrance past Yahman. It will be near Black Diamond.
Meet at Stan's Market. Walk past R Wine Cellar - Pittsburgh Urban Winery. It will be near Sambok Korean Groceries.
Come to Logan's Pub. Walk North-East and past Wyndham Pittsburgh University Center. Logan's Pub will be near Sultan Bey.
Walk to the Henne Jewelers North-East and past Schenley Tunnel. Henne Jewelers will be near William Penn Tavern. If you reach PNC ATM, you have gone too far.
Go North-East from Burke Building for 3 intersections and meet at Doncaster On Fifth. Doncaster On Fifth will be near Pittsburgh Downtown Branch Library.
Come to MacOutfitters. Walk past Broadway Army Navy. MacOutfitters will be near One Oxford Center.
Head to the Farmers Daughter North-West and past Sunoco Gas Station. It will be near Yahman. If you reach JR's Bar, you have gone too far.
Come to The Corner. Walk West and past McDonald's. The Corner will be near Bus Stop.
Come to First Baptist Church. Go past Crawford Hall and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Islamic Center of Pittsburgh.
Come to BABB Incorporated. Walk past City of Pittsburgh River Safety Center. It will be near parking.
Head to the Peppi's North-East and past Prestogeorge Coffee & Tea. Peppi's will be near Labads Grocery. If you reach In The Kitchen, you have gone too far.
Come to Riggs Lounge. Walk West and past Custom Frame Shop. It will be near parking.
Meet at Pizza Parma. Walk past Benedum Center. It will be near Cricket Wireless.
Go to the Wendy's North-East and past Pittsburgh Line. Wendy's will be near parking.
Come to Ormsby Swimming Pool. Walk South-East and past Dots Fashions. Ormsby Swimming Pool will be near South Side Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh.
Come to Downtown Subway. Go South-West and past Sienna Mercato. Downtown Subway will be near Downtown Subway.
Go South-West and past 9th St at Penn Ave and meet at Crystal River Gems. Crystal River Gems will be near Laurie's Hallmark.
Walk West and past PNC Bank and meet at Cafe Du Jour. Cafe Du Jour will be near First National Bank.
Come to Girl Scouts of Southwestern Pennsylvania. Head past Roberto Clemente Bridge. Girl Scouts of Southwestern Pennsylvania will be near Heinz Hall.
Go to the Birmingham Entrance past PNC Park. It will be near Sterlings 2 Entrance.
Come to Emiliano's. Walk West and past Benny Fierro's. Emiliano's will be near parking.
Meet at First National Bank Wealth Management. Walk North-West and past 8th and Penn (construction). First National Bank Wealth Management will be near Grant Thornton LLP.
Meet at Shadyside Variety Store. Go past Oliverio Hair & Nails. It will be near Starbucks. If you reach Sushi Too, you have gone too far.
Come to Eide's Entertainment. Head South-East and past Pennsylvania Canal. It will be near Liberty Bail Bonds. If you reach Colony Cafe, you have gone too far.
Meet at August Henry's Burger Bar. Walk South-East and past Rachel Carson Bridge. August Henry's Burger Bar will be near King Orthodontics. If you reach The Cultural's Elite Salon & Barber Shop, you have gone too far.
Come to Golden Triangle Bike Rentals. Walk South-East and past Commonwealth One Entrance. It will be near bicycle_parking.
Come to Brigade. Head past Liberty Avenue Park. Brigade will be near East Stairway Entrance.
Meet at Ewart Building. Head past Minuteman Press. It will be near There Ultra Lounge.
Come to Allegheny. Head past Jones Hall. Allegheny will be near Allegheny Station.
Meet at Qdoba. Go South-East and past State Farm. Qdoba will be near Subway.
Meet at McDonald's. Head past Touch of Gold & Silver and continue to the next intersection. McDonald's will be near Stack'd Oakland. If you reach Iroquois Building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Siempre Algo. Walk past General Store. Siempre Algo will be near Bistro To Go Cafe.
Come to PNC Carousel. Walk West and past Five Guys. It will be near Mesa.
Walk to the Spa Jema South and past PACT Stanwix Steam Plant. Spa Jema will be near PNC Center.
Walk to the Custom Frame Shop North and past Roberto Clemente Bridge. Custom Frame Shop will be near Priory Fine Pastries. If you reach Mueller's Hardware, you have gone too far.
Head North and past Starbucks and meet at 7-Eleven. 7-Eleven will be near Pork & Beans.
Go to the Mamma Lucia South and past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near Kashi Jewelers. If you reach City News & Arcade, you have gone too far.
Come to Local Bar + Kitchen. Head West from Blue Grotto Pizza for 2 intersections. Local Bar + Kitchen will be near Carson Street Deli & Craft Beer Bar.
Come to Tribute to Children. Walk past Manchester Bridge pier. Tribute to Children will be near Pittsburgh Law Enforcement Memorial.
Meet at Diocesan Council For Catholic Women. Head North-West and past The Carlyle. It will be near Benedum-Trees Building.
Come to Honorary Consulate of the Czech Republic. Walk past Charles J. Lieberth Pedestrian Walkway and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Penn Brewery.
Meet at Visionworks. Go past Fu Lai Chinese Restaurant. Visionworks will be near Rock'n Joe.
Come to Sunoco. Go past Greenfield Presbyterian Church. It will be near CoGo's.
Meet at Christos Mediterranean Grille. Head North-West and past Cafe Milano. Christos Mediterranean Grille will be near Giovanni's Pizza & Pasta.
Meet at Madison Elementary School. Go North-West and past Robert E. Williams Park. Madison Elementary School will be near Madison Elementary School Library.
Meet at Bangal Kebab House & Restaurant. Walk past Irvis Hall. Bangal Kebab House & Restaurant will be near Sichuan Gourmet. If you reach Central Oakland Apartments, you have gone too far.
Head to the Smithfield St at Fort Pitt Blvd past Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. It will be near Urban League of Pittsburgh.
Head to the Cake Nightclub past Pashek Associates. It will be near The Olive Tap.
Go to the Finn McCools past Blue Lou's. It will be near The E House Company.
Go to the Advance Auto Parts past Katsur Dental. It will be near Hair Day.
Go to the North Shore Endoscopy past Lyca Mobile. It will be near Aden Market.
Meet at Shirley Apartments. Walk past Fraternity Houses. Shirley Apartments will be near Bellefield Towers.
Come to K. S. Kennedy. Walk North-East and past Pacific Pride. K. S. Kennedy will be near Nicki's Thai Kitchen. If you reach Physique Rx'd, you have gone too far.
Meet at Emmanuel Lutheran Church. Go past The Allegheny Inn. It will be near Olde Towne Laundry.
Head to the Fresh Corner South-West and past Pact Building. It will be near Katie's Kandy.
Meet at Smithfield St at Forbes Ave. Walk past Steel Plaza. Smithfield St at Forbes Ave will be near Rainbow Shops.
Come to OTB Bicycle Café. Walk past Head Board. It will be near The Tanning Room LLC.
Meet at Commonwealth Press. Walk. When you pass The UPS Store, you'll be just     6 intersections away. It will be near TIKI LOUNGE.
Walk to the Sammy's Famous Corned Beef West and past Downtown Subway. It will be near Liberty Ave opp 9th St.
Meet at Zorbas. Walk past Kaufmann's Clock and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Pita Pit.
Come to Grant St at US Steel Building B. Head past Rita's Italian Ice. It will be near Grant St at US Steel Building A.
Come to MetroPCS. Head North-West and past Martin Luther King Jr. Elementary School. It will be near J.R. Coffee Shop. If you reach Rasta House, you have gone too far.
Go past Warner Centre and meet at Smithfield St at Forbes Ave. Smithfield St at Forbes Ave will be near National City Bank.
Go to the Lava Lounge past Starbucks. The Lava Lounge will be near Silvi's Southwestern Kitchen.
Come to Conney M. Kimbo Art Gallery. Walk North-East and past Falk Medical Building. Conney M. Kimbo Art Gallery will be near William Pitt Union.
Come to Allegheny General Hospital Helipad. Walk North-East and past Graybar Electric Company. Allegheny General Hospital Helipad will be near parking.
Come to Pittsburgh Career Institute. Head North-East and past Downtown Subway. It will be near Au Bon Pain.
Meet at 9th St at Penn Ave. Head South-West and past David L. Lawrence Convention Center. It will be near Nicky's Thai Kitchen.
Meet at Moonlight Express. Walk North-East and past Parma Sausage Products. It will be near Jimmy & Nino Sunseri Co.
Meet at Yinzers. Walk past Two Louie's Market. It will be near Grandpa Joe's Ice Cream Shop.
Meet at Bradley's Book Outlet. Go past Savoy. Bradley's Book Outlet will be near Deluca's Diner. If you reach Allegheny Coffee & Tea Exchange, you have gone too far.
Come to St Rosalia-Old school. Go South-West and past Prospect Hill. St Rosalia-Old school will be near Saint Rosalia Grade School.
Come to Snow Lion Imports. Go past LC Lot. Snow Lion Imports will be near Craig Hall.
Meet at Verizon Wireless. Walk South-East and past Soho. It will be near Kaufmann's Clock.
Meet at Rally House North Shore. Go past Mullen's Bar & Grill. Rally House North Shore will be near North Side.
Go past Amos Hall and meet at Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts. Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts will be near Amos Hall.
Meet at Repurposed For Kids. Walk past Garden Theater. It will be near Siempre Algo.
Come to American Natural. Walk South-East and past E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge. American Natural will be near Panhandle Bridge.
Go to the Mahla Office Furniture past Wood St at Sixth Ave. Mahla Office Furniture will be near 707 Penn Gallery.
Head to the South Stairwell South-West and past US Social Security Administration. It will be near Ft. Pitt Entrance.
Meet at Cupka's Cafe. Walk North-West and past Hookah Bookah. It will be near The Cuckoo's Nest Magic Shop.
Walk to the Mullen's Bar & Grill past Allegheny Health Network and continue to the next intersection. Mullen's Bar & Grill will be near Urban Elements Power Yoga & Indoor Cycling. If you reach The Pittsburgh Fan, you have gone too far.
Meet at Woodlawn Apartments. Walk past Joseph Stern Building. It will be near The Hamptons.
Go to the Izzazu Salon & Spa South and past Main Loan Office Loans. It will be near Oliver Garage/Piatt Place. If you reach Doncaster On Fifth, you have gone too far.
Come to Prince of Peace Convent. Head South-West and past Salon Uzori. It will be near Mon Line.
Go to the Duquesne University North-West and past WYEP-FM. Duquesne University will be near Duquesne University Chapel.
Meet at Edgar's Best Tacos. Head past Sambok Korean Groceries. It will be near Best Builder Supplies. If you reach Pittsburgh Water & Sewer Authority Central Warehouse, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Arthur Murray Dance Studio North and past Fine Wine & Good Spirits. Arthur Murray Dance Studio will be near Olive or Twist.
Come to Bluebird Kitchen. Go past Point Park University. It will be near 11 Stanwix Street.
Come to Bo Makeup Studio. Go North-East and past Mezza Luna Cafe. Bo Makeup Studio will be near The Modern Cafe. If you reach K. S. Kennedy, you have gone too far.
Come to La Feria. Walk past Pamela's Diner. It will be near Cafe Moulin. If you reach Jitters Cafe & Ice Cream, you have gone too far.
Go North-East and past Federated Tower and meet at Madison Realty Group. Madison Realty Group will be near Two Louie's Market.
Walk to the Yahman North-West and past JR's Bar. Yahman will be near Repurposed For Kids.
Walk North-East and past Empty office building and meet at Schiller Classical Academy Library. Schiller Classical Academy Library will be near Schiller Classical Academy.
Walk past Two Gateway Center and meet at Restrooms. Restrooms will be near Allegheny Entrance.
Come to Northwest Savings Bank (Oakland branch). Go 7 blocks past CVS. It will be near Sterling Plaza.
Walk past Schenley Tunnel and meet at Friends Meeting House. Friends Meeting House will be near Religious Society of Friends.
Come to Arnold's Tea. Head. When you pass Mueller's Hardware, you'll be just     2 intersections away. Arnold's Tea will be near Yahman.
Come to Piada Italian Street Food. Go past Fitzgerald Fieldhouse. Piada Italian Street Food will be near Sir Speedy Printing.
Go to the Pork & Beans past Alihan's Mediterranean Cuisine. It will be near Pittsburgh News.
Go to the Elks Lodge past H&R Block. Elks Lodge will be near parking.
Go to the New China Inn past Wellington. It will be near Pizza Pronto.
Meet at 1949 Penn Ave Lot. Go North-East and past Yinzers in the Burgh. 1949 Penn Ave Lot will be near Bella Notte.
Meet at Biomedical Science Tower South. Head South-East and past Darragh Street Apartments. Biomedical Science Tower South will be near UPMC Ear & Eye Institute Building.
Go past Downtown Subway and meet at Coat Room. Coat Room will be near Rivers.
Go to the Allegheny Sandwich Shop South-West and past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 623.
Go to the Mahla Office Furniture North-East and past Grant Street Transportation Center. Mahla Office Furniture will be near Crystal.
Come to Flamers. Go North-West and past Subway. Flamers will be near Crystal River Gems.
Meet at Bow-Wow Doggie Day Care. Go past Salem Halal Market. It will be near Hens and Chicks. If you reach Framezilla!, you have gone too far.
Come to Eden. Walk past Mineo Building and continue to the next intersection. Eden will be near Tennis Village. If you reach Sushi Too, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Priory past Triangle Building. The Priory will be near Pittsburgh's Grand Hall.
Head West and past Touch of Gold & Silver and meet at Thai Hana Restaurant. Thai Hana Restaurant will be near Popeyes.
Meet at Fuku Tea. Head South-West and past Snow Lion Imports. Fuku Tea will be near Fuel & Fuddle. If you reach Chikn, you have gone too far.
Meet at North Oakland. Go North-West and past Razzy Fresh. North Oakland will be near Langley Hall.
Come to Primanti Bros. Head South-West and past Smallman Galley. It will be near Sambok Korean Groceries.
Meet at China Taste. Head past Rent-A-Center. China Taste will be near Wagsburgh. If you reach Wagsburgh, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Dietrich Building North-East and past CobblerWorld. It will be near Senator John Heinz History Center.
Meet at SubMed Cafe. Go past Verizon Building. It will be near Alta Villa Spa & Salon. If you reach Law & Finance Building, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Stan's Market North-East and past Stay Alfred at 1627 on The Strip. Stan's Market will be near Schorin Company.
Come to Matthews International Company. Head past Alcoa Corporate Center. Matthews International Company will be near Burns & White Attorneys at Law.
Meet at Grant Street Tavern. Head past Clubhouse Store. It will be near Grant Building.
Come to PachaMama Divine Connection - Peruvian Handmade Boutique. Head past Eide's Entertainment. It will be near Jonathan Moran Woodworks.
Come to Allegheny West. Head past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near Physique Rx'd.
Meet at Soul II Sole. Head West and past Southside Jewelers. Soul II Sole will be near Levelz sports lounge.
Meet at Gracen Court. Walk past LaVida Massage. Gracen Court will be near parking.
Go to the Sichuan Gourmet North-West and past Charles Anderson Memorial Bridge. It will be near Oakland.
Walk South-East and past Cricket Wireless and meet at First Avenue. First Avenue will be near First Avenue.
Meet at Business Center. Walk North-West and past Wood St at Sixth Ave. Business Center will be near Business Center Entrance South.
Meet at DeLuca, Ricciuti & Konieczka. Walk past Crazy Mocha. DeLuca, Ricciuti & Konieczka will be near Housing Authority of the City of Pittsburgh.
Come to Calvin L. Sheffield Funeral Home, Inc. Walk West and past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near WN Groceries.
Go past Penn Garrison Lofts and meet at Gaitens, Tucceri & Nicholas, P.C.. Gaitens, Tucceri & Nicholas, P.C. will be near Chinatown Inn.
Walk South-West and past Holland Hall and meet at University of Pittsburgh Innovation Institute. University of Pittsburgh Innovation Institute will be near Parkvale Building.
Meet at Duds 'n' Suds. Head North-East and past Discovery Robotics. Duds 'n' Suds will be near LaVida Massage.
Come to Two Louie's Market. Head past Pamela's Diner - Cash only. Two Louie's Market will be near Dietrich Building.
Walk to the Weil Elementary School Library past Weil Elementary School Library. Weil Elementary School Library will be near Weil Technology Elementary School. If you reach Olivet Baptist Church, you have gone too far.
Head past Gulf Tower and meet at Gateway. Gateway will be near Downtown Subway.
Go to the Oakcliffe South-West and past Iroquois Building. It will be near parking.
Come to Denim Express. Go past Two Louie's Market. It will be near Wood St between Forbes & Fifth.
Go to the Fort Wayne Line North-East and past Tower at PNC Plaza. Fort Wayne Line will be near Fort Wayne Line.
Go to the Valero past Valero. It will be near Rite Aid Pharmacy.
Come to 9th St at Penn Ave. Head past Allegheny County Department of Human Services. 9th St at Penn Ave will be near Nicky's Thai Kitchen.
Go to the Kyklops Tattoo West and past PNC Bank. Kyklops Tattoo will be near Little Tokyo Bistro.
Come to Ace Athletic. Head. When you pass Bangal Kebab House & Restaurant, you'll be just 4 blocks away. Ace Athletic will be near GameStop. If you reach Peet's Coffee, you have gone too far.
Come to Honorary Consulate of the Czech Republic. Walk West and past Allegheny General Hospital. Honorary Consulate of the Czech Republic will be near Penn Brewery.
Go to the Fourth Avenue Post Office South-West and past Ace's Break Away And Play. Fourth Avenue Post Office will be near Commonwealth Building. If you reach United Methodist Foundation of Western Pennsylvania, you have gone too far.
Come to Bluebird Kitchen. Head South and past Nova Place. It will be near 11 Stanwix Street.
Come to Commonwealth Two. Walk North-West and past Mon Wharf Parking. It will be near Smithfield.
Come to Bombay Food Market. Go past Former Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania Building. It will be near New China Inn.
Come to Cafe Milano. Go South and past Byham Theater. Cafe Milano will be near Olive or Twist.
Come to Salon Uzori. Go West and past United American Savings Bank. Salon Uzori will be near Jupe Boutique.
Meet at Rite Aid Pharmacy. Walk South-East and past Willie Stargell Statue. It will be near Fu Lai Chinese Restaurant. If you reach Fu Lai Chinese Restaurant, you have gone too far.
Head to the Leverty Jewelers North-West from Karen Chiaramonte Insurance for 3 intersections. Leverty Jewelers will be near Money Mart.
Come to Peter's Pub. Go North-East and past Saint Joseph Gymnasium. Peter's Pub will be near BQ Lot.
Head to the Coat Room Door past Fort Wayne Line. Coat Room Door will be near Commonwealth Two.
Come to Minuteman Press. Walk South-East and past 106 Isabella. Minuteman Press will be near Ewart Building.
Walk to the Penn Station past Braddock's American Brasserie. It will be near Penn Station.
Come to Nana's Northside Diner. Head North-East and past Nana's Northside Diner. It will be near El Burro. If you reach Rasta House, you have gone too far.
Meet at The Inn on Mexican War Streets. Walk North-West and past The Inn on Mexican War Streets. The Inn on Mexican War Streets will be near Allegheny YMCA.
Walk to the Training Wheels Day Care Center North-West and past CCAC Allegheny Campus Student Parking Lot 2. It will be near Manchester Academic Charter School.
Come to Starbucks. Go past Starbucks. Starbucks will be near Courtyard by Marriott Pittsburgh Shadyside.
Go to the Kings Garden East past ZAP Solutions. Kings Garden East will be near Ballroom Foyer.
Meet at Hook Fish & Chicken. Go past Mullen's Bar & Grill. Hook Fish & Chicken will be near Rasta House.
Meet at Heinz. Head North-West and past Academic Hall. It will be near Smithfield Entrance.
Come to Jimmy John's. Walk past 106 Isabella. It will be near David L. Lawrence Convention Center Parking Garage.
Come to Marathon. Go past Holy Spirit Byzantine Church. Marathon will be near Oxford Building.
Meet at Huntington Bank. Walk North-East and past Sue Murray Swimming Pool. Huntington Bank will be near Jalen's Barbershop.
Come to Fort Wayne Line. Walk South-West and past Allegheny City Brewery. It will be near parking.
Go to the Sophisticated Hair Design By Nikki past Bike the Burgh Tours. It will be near Wigle Whiskey Distillery.
Come to Yinzers. Go past The Exchange Buy-Sell-Trade. Yinzers will be near Penn Animal Hospital.
Meet at Northside Associates. Walk past Harry Guckert Company. It will be near parking.
Come to Happy Nails. Go. When you pass JR's Bar, you'll be just 2 blocks away. It will be near Money Mart.
Come to Burke Building. Walk past Einstein Bros. Bagels. Burke Building will be near Ephesus.
Head to the Fort Pitt Blvd at Smithfield St past The Chiurazzi Law Group. Fort Pitt Blvd at Smithfield St will be near Fort Pitt Blvd at Smithfield St.
Head to the Ormsby Swimming Pool North-West and past Rothrock's Kung Fu & Tai Chi Academy. Ormsby Swimming Pool will be near South Side Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh.
Come to May Building. Go past Primanti Bros. Restaurant. It will be near Wok & Grill.
Go North-East and past Cork Factory Garage and meet at Pittsburgh Wool. Pittsburgh Wool will be near Wigle Whiskey Distillery.
Go to the Eden past Holy Spirit Byzantine Catholic Church. It will be near Eyetique. If you reach Sushi Too, you have gone too far.
Meet at Rita's Italian Ice. Head South-West and past Information Networking Institute. It will be near Citizens Bank.
Head to the Blue Lou's past Clarissa Boutique. Blue Lou's will be near Elixir Ultra Lounge.
Come to Saint Patrick Church. Go past Saint Patrick Church. It will be near parking.
Come to 1949 Penn Ave Lot. Walk past 149 8th St Parking. 1949 Penn Ave Lot will be near Jimmy & Nino Sunseri Co.
Come to McDonald's. Go West and past Bruegger's Bagels. It will be near Forbes Gyro. If you reach Iroquois Building, you have gone too far.
Go to the Vietnam Veterans Pavilion South-East and past University Art Gallery. Vietnam Veterans Pavilion will be near parking.
Come to Center for American Music. Go past One On Centre. It will be near Stephen Foster Memorial Museum.
Come to Seubert & Associates, Inc. Head North-West and past Local Brewhouse. Seubert & Associates, Inc will be near Peoples Natural Gas.
Come to OTB Bicycle Café. Walk past Rothrock's Kung Fu & Tai Chi Academy. OTB Bicycle Café will be near Caffe Davio.
Head to the Wood St at Third Ave South-West and past David L. Lawrence Convention Center. It will be near Wood Street Commons. If you reach Academic-Lawrence Skywalk, you have gone too far.
Come to North Oakland. Go North-West and past Music Building. North Oakland will be near Langley Hall.
Come to Love Ramen. Walk South-East and past Fraternity house. It will be near Oakwood Apartments.
Come to Ballroom 4 South Entrance. Go past (former Kaufmann's/Macy's). It will be near Liberty Room Entrance.
Head to the LC Lot past LC Lot. LC Lot will be near Log Cabin.
Go to the Gabriel Shoe Repair South-West and past Granite Building. Gabriel Shoe Repair will be near Cardamone's Hair & Nail Salon. If you reach Cardamone's Hair & Nail Salon, you have gone too far.
Come to Archies on Carson. Walk North-East and past Whitehall Branch. Archies on Carson will be near State Farm.
Walk past Enterprise and meet at 530 Melwood Building. 530 Melwood Building will be near 530 Melwood property.
Head past Vogt True Value Hardware and meet at Hot Rod Body Piercing Company. Hot Rod Body Piercing Company will be near Blue Lou's.
Meet at Bruegger's Bagels. Walk past Forbes Garage and continue to the next intersection. Bruegger's Bagels will be near Lawyers Building.
Walk to the Lucy's Handmade Clothing past Pittsburgh Fire Bureau Station 3. Lucy's Handmade Clothing will be near Cafe Raymond.
Head to the Minuteman Press past Specialty Luggage. Minuteman Press will be near Specialty Luggage.
Meet at Auto's Professional Landscaping. Head North-West and past Scherer Lock & Supply. Auto's Professional Landscaping will be near Rite Aid Pharmacy.
Meet at Bike the Burgh Tours. Head past Eleven. Bike the Burgh Tours will be near CobblerWorld.
Go to the St. Moritz Chocolatier past Brottier Hall. It will be near Starbucks.
Walk South-East and past Korean War Veterans Memorial and meet at Fu Lai Chinese Restaurant. Fu Lai Chinese Restaurant will be near Laurie's Hallmark.
Meet at Stanwix. Walk South-West and past Allegheny Commons East Park. It will be near Birmingham Entrance.
Meet at Kings Garden North Entrance. Go past Ft. Duquesne & Sixth Garage. It will be near Sterlings Foyer Restrooms Entrance.
Walk South-West and past Giggles and meet at Love, Pittsburgh. Love, Pittsburgh will be near J & J's Family Restaurant & Catering.
Go to the Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge North-East and past Conemaugh Line. Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge will be near Bistro To Go Cafe. If you reach Wine & Spirits, you have gone too far.
Head to the Au Bon Pain past Sterlings 3. Au Bon Pain will be near Emphatics. If you reach Storms Restaurant, you have gone too far.
Come to North Side. Head past One Gateway Center. North Side will be near North Side.
Go North-West and past Emporio Tobacco and meet at PNC Park Box Office. PNC Park Box Office will be near Steel Cactus Restaurante & Cantina.
Go to the Mana Boardgame Tavern past Subway. It will be near Refucilo Winery. If you reach 412 Brewery, you have gone too far.
Come to Mercy's Gifts & Crafts. Walk past Bernie's Photo Center. Mercy's Gifts & Crafts will be near Boulevard Glass & Metal.
Come to Benedum-Trees Building. Go South-East and past Two PPG Place. Benedum-Trees Building will be near Ephesus.
Meet at Katie's Kandy. Head past Kings Garden North Entrance. It will be near Crystal River Gems.
Come to Jimmy John's. Head West and past Hilton Garden Inn Pittsburgh University Place. It will be near CVS Pharmacy. If you reach Croatian Fraternal Union Building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Soho. Walk North-East and past PNC Park Box Office. Soho will be near SpringHill Suites North Shore. If you reach SpringHill Suites North Shore, you have gone too far.
Meet at Pashek Associates. Walk. When you pass Main Loan Office Loans, you'll be just 3 blocks away. Pashek Associates will be near Happy Nails.
Meet at Deluca's Diner. Walk past Photo Antiques. Deluca's Diner will be near Bradley's Book Outlet. If you reach PNC Bank, you have gone too far.
Head to the West Penn Building South-West and past Student Center. It will be near Point Perk.
Meet at Emiliano's. Head West and past Emiliano's. Emiliano's will be near parking.
Head to the Magic Castle Day Care Center West and past Shop N Save. It will be near The Capital Grille.
Meet at City News & Arcade. Walk past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near Point Park University Library. If you reach Arrott Building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Restrooms. Head West and past First Presbyterian Church. It will be near Men's Restroom (East).
Meet at Fuku Tea. Go past Rite Aid and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Panera Bread. If you reach Starship, you have gone too far.
Head to the 1949 Penn Ave Lot past Pennsylvania Canal. It will be near Bella Notte.
Head to the Brighton Market 2 intersections past Auto's Professional Landscaping. It will be near Columbus Traditional Academy.
Walk to the Bike the Burgh Tours past Penn Garrison Lofts. It will be near Jimmy John's.
Head to the Bruegger's Bagels West and past King Edward Apartments. It will be near South Aiken Bar and Grill.
Come to Sonny's Tavern. Go North-West and past Sonny's Tavern. Sonny's Tavern will be near Sonny's Tavern.
Walk to the Magic Castle Day Care Center past 941 Saloon. Magic Castle Day Care Center will be near Izzazu Salon & Spa.
Go to the Book Discount Warehouse South and past Dollar General. Book Discount Warehouse will be near K. S. Kennedy.
Come to Warhola Video Productions, Inc. Walk past FlixBus Pittsburgh. Warhola Video Productions, Inc will be near WFH Oriental Market. If you reach Mullaney's Harp and Fiddle Irish Pub, you have gone too far.
Come to Caliban Book Shop. Head past Charity Randall Theatre. It will be near Kohli's.
Walk to the Subway past Brigade. It will be near August Henry's Burger Bar. If you reach Sienna Mercato, you have gone too far.
Walk past Pittsburgh Steak Company and meet at Blue Lou's. Blue Lou's will be near Local Bar + Kitchen.
Meet at 7th St at Ft Duquesne Blvd. Walk past Downtown Subway. It will be near Bridgestreet The Encore on 7th.
Walk to the Excuses Bar and Grill past Excuses Bar and Grill. It will be near OTB Bicycle Café.
Meet at Giovanni's Pizza & Pasta. Head 2 intersections past Roosevelt Arms. Giovanni's Pizza & Pasta will be near Alihan's Mediterranean Cuisine.
Head past Jerome Bettis 36 and continue to the next intersection and meet at Rivertowne North Shore. Rivertowne North Shore will be near Southern Tier Brewing Co..
Meet at Case Handler Beer. Head South-West and past Mount Washington Baptist Church. It will be near BP.
Meet at Daniel J. Strinkoski D.D.S.. Head South-West and past Fort Wayne Line. Daniel J. Strinkoski D.D.S. will be near Parador Inn.
Meet at Bruegger's Bagels. Walk South-West and past Mahoney’s Restaurant. It will be near SubMed Cafe.
Come to Reyna Foods Mexican Grocery. Go West and past Empty office building. Reyna Foods Mexican Grocery will be near Pennsylvania Libations.
Meet at Sterlings 3. Go South-West and past Entry. Sterlings 3 will be near Men's Restroom Entrance.
Go to the PPG Public Parking past Pittsburgh Presbytery. It will be near Mr. Sign.
Come to Agape Learning Center. Go North-West and past Northside Common Ministries. Agape Learning Center will be near Northside Institutional Church.
Come to Bella Notte. Go North-East and past Pittsburgh Cut Flower Company. Bella Notte will be near Pennsylvania Macaroni Co.
Come to Bistro To Go Cafe. Head 2 intersections past Main Loan Office Loans. It will be near Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge. If you reach Alex's Ice Cream, you have gone too far.
Go to the Corner past Open Door Ministries and continue to the next block. It will be near Friendship Community Church.
Come to Panhandle Bridge. Walk North-West and past Just Harvest. It will be near Panhandle Bridge.
Walk past Ephesus and continue to the next intersection and meet at Pita Pit. Pita Pit will be near CVS.
Walk to the Department of Public Works South-East and past 420 Boulevard of the Allies. It will be near Try Street Terminal.
Go to the Rosso Pizzeria past Old Bell Telephone Building. Rosso Pizzeria will be near Crystal River Gems.
Go to the Sterlings 2 Entrance South-West and past Sterlings 1 Entrance. It will be near Kings Garden North Entrance.
Meet at Panera Bread. Walk past Litchfield Tower B. It will be near Stack'd Oakland.
Meet at Starbucks. Head South-West and past Wyndham Pittsburgh University Center. Starbucks will be near Rite Aid. If you reach Sir Speedy Printing, you have gone too far.
Meet at Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 623. Walk past William Penn Association. Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 623 will be near Physique Rx'd. If you reach Allegheny West, you have gone too far.
Come to Pittsburgh News. Head North and past Arthur Murray Dance Studio. It will be near Giovanni's Pizza & Pasta.
Come to Fine Wine & Good Spirits. Walk South-West and past Eide's Entertainment. It will be near Liberty Ave past 10th St.
Meet at Chipotle. Head South-West and past Sushi Too. It will be near Union Grill. If you reach Starbucks, you have gone too far.
Come to 2545 Penn Ave.. Go past Roxanne's Dried Flowers. 2545 Penn Ave. will be near Accessory Hair Studio.
Meet at Optical Outlet. Head South-West and past Bartlett Playground. It will be near Subway.
Meet at Veterans Leadership Program. Head North-East and past Barsotti Wines. It will be near EQT Natural Gas for Vehicles.
Come to Traders Entrance. Go past Pact Building. It will be near Smithfield.
Meet at Warhola Video Productions, Inc. Head. When you pass Penn Avenue Fish Co, you'll be just     5 intersections away. Warhola Video Productions, Inc will be near WFH Oriental Market. If you reach Mullaney's Harp and Fiddle Irish Pub, you have gone too far.
Meet at Popeyes. Go past Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts. Popeyes will be near Thai Hana Restaurant. If you reach Prince of India Restaurant, you have gone too far.
Head past Bellefield Towers and meet at Dina Ellen. Dina Ellen will be near Schiller's Pharmacy.
Come to Courthouse Tavern. Walk North-East and past Weldin's. Courthouse Tavern will be near Penn Avenue Fish Company. If you reach Kashi Jewelers, you have gone too far.
Go to the ACE ATHLETIC 3 blocks past Elixir Ultra Lounge. It will be near Dave's Music Mine.
Walk to the Flying Monkey Tattoo South-East and past Grant Building. It will be near Schwartz Living Market. If you reach Slacker, you have gone too far.
Head to the Nicki's Thai Kitchen past Calvin L. Sheffield Funeral Home, Inc. Nicki's Thai Kitchen will be near K. S. Kennedy.
Walk to the Pretzel Shop past Five Star Dentistry. It will be near Jupe Boutique.
Come to GM Dog N' Burger Shoppe. Head North-East and past Schenley Tunnel. It will be near Leone's Florist.
Come to Bittner Distributors Co. Walk North-East and past Cake Nightclub. Bittner Distributors Co will be near The Dog Stop.
Meet at Z:Lounge. Walk West and past Coppertops Pittsburgh. It will be near Mullen's On Carson.
Meet at Farmers Daughter. Go North-East and past Men's Restroom (East). Farmers Daughter will be near Main Loan Office Loans. If you reach Mueller's Hardware, you have gone too far.
Meet at Manchester Elementary School Library. Walk past Fifth Ward School. It will be near Pilgrim Baptist Church.
Meet at Soul II Sole. Walk West and past The E House Company. It will be near Levelz sports lounge.
Meet at H&R Block. Head past Pressley Street High-Rise. H&R Block will be near Money Mart.
Walk West and past North Park and meet at The Inn on Mexican War Streets. The Inn on Mexican War Streets will be near Trinity Lutheran Church.
Come to Controversey. Go past West End Branch. Controversey will be near parking.
Go to the Training Wheels Day Care Center past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near Manchester Academic Charter School.
Go to the rue21 North-East and past Allegheny County Health Department. It will be near Stack'd Oakland. If you reach Noodles & Company, you have gone too far.
Meet at Joseph Stern Building. Walk past Carnegie Museum of Art. Joseph Stern Building will be near Hillel Jewish University Center.
Meet at Lando Building. Head past Colony Cafe. It will be near 9th St at Penn Ave.
Walk West and past District 3 and meet at Double Wide Grill. Double Wide Grill will be near AlphaLab.
Meet at Subway. Walk past Subway. Subway will be near YWCA of Greater Pittsburgh.
Meet at PNC Carousel. Walk West and past College of Fine Arts. It will be near Asia Tea House.
Come to Pennslyvania Wine Cellar. Go South-West and past P & LERR Building. It will be near Freight House Shops.
Head to the Pho Van past Jade 99 Asian Market. It will be near Grandpa Joe's Ice Cream Shop.
Head past Grant Street Transportation Center and meet at McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company will be near PPG Plaza Obelisk.
Walk North-West and past Ridge Avenue Bridge and meet at Allegheny Sandwich Shop. Allegheny Sandwich Shop will be near Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 623.
Meet at Station Square. Head South and past Three PPG Place. Station Square will be near Station Square.
Go past Einstein Bros. Bagels and meet at 7-Eleven. 7-Eleven will be near Skinny Building.
Walk past D&K Stores and meet at Triangle Park. Triangle Park will be near Fairmont Pittsburgh.
Meet at Steel Cactus Restaurante & Cantina. Go past Roberto Clemente Bridge. Steel Cactus Restaurante & Cantina will be near PNC Park Box Office. If you reach Local Brewhouse, you have gone too far.
Come to Ace's Break Away And Play. Go South-West and past Downtown and Business Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh. It will be near CVS. If you reach H&R Block, you have gone too far.
Head to the Pamela's Diner. When you pass Sushi Too, you'll be just 3 blocks away. It will be near La Feria. If you reach Trapuzzano Italian Chophouse, you have gone too far.
Meet at Scarpaci's Place. Head South-West and past Pittsburgh Subdivision. Scarpaci's Place will be near Kavsar.
Go South-East and past Maiku Sushi and Pho and meet at Cruze Bar. Cruze Bar will be near parking.
Head to the Essex Pool House North-East and past Centre Plaza. Essex Pool House will be near Shadyside Surgi-Center.
Come to City Books. Go West and past Children's Museum of Pittsburgh. It will be near The Modern Cafe.
Come to Rothschild Doyno Collaborative. Walk North-West and past Rothschild Doyno Collaborative. Rothschild Doyno Collaborative will be near Art's Tavern.
Walk to the Bakersfield past Bridges & Bourbon and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Subway. If you reach The Cultural's Elite Salon & Barber Shop, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Aldi South-East and past Hookah Bookah. Aldi will be near Goodwill South Side Store.
Head to the Manchester Elementary School past Victory Baptist Church. Manchester Elementary School will be near Pilgrim Baptist Church.
Go to the Jimmy & Nino Sunseri Co past Stay Alfred at 1627 on The Strip. It will be near East End Brewery Tap Room.
Head to the Station Square past Point Perk. Station Square will be near E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge.
Walk to the Grandview Saloon North-West and past The Grandview Saloon. It will be near Duquesne Upper Station.
Walk to the Shehady Carpet & Rugs South-West and past Gene Sanes Furniture Store. It will be near Homewood Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown.
Meet at S&D Polish Deli. Head South-West and past MECKA Fitness. S&D Polish Deli will be near Hot Haute Hot. If you reach Leaf & Bean, you have gone too far.
Come to Chick-n Grille. Head past Rita's Italian Ice. It will be near Primanti's. If you reach BQ Lot, you have gone too far.
Head South-West and past Salon Uzori and meet at Prince of Peace Convent. Prince of Peace Convent will be near Arium Chapel Presbyterian Church.
Meet at Allegheny. Walk South-West and past Wilson's BBq. It will be near Allegheny.
Meet at Small World Early Learning Center. Go South-East and past O'Reilly Theater. Small World Early Learning Center will be near Cabaret Theatre.
Meet at The Priory. Walk past The Priory. It will be near Pittsburgh's Grand Hall.
Meet at Repurposed For Kids. Head past Cricket Wireless and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge. If you reach Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge, you have gone too far.
Meet at Scherer Lock & Supply. Go North-East and past Harry Guckert Company. It will be near Allegheny Refrigeration.
Walk to the Original Oyster House South-East and past Men's Restroom (East). It will be near Buhl Building.
Meet at Moonlight Express. Head South-East and past Cricket Wireless. Moonlight Express will be near Roland's Seafood Grill.
Head to the Wok & Grill West and past K&L Gates Center. Wok & Grill will be near Katie's Kandy.
Walk to the Pandora past The Brother's House. It will be near Eden. If you reach Cappy's Cafe, you have gone too far.
Meet at The Victory Grill. Head past Verizon. The Victory Grill will be near Siempre Algo.
Come to Saint Patrick Church. Go past Stay Alfred at 1627 on The Strip. Saint Patrick Church will be near parking.
Go to the North Shore Endoscopy past Deli on North Avenue. North Shore Endoscopy will be near Triangle Urological Group.
Walk to the Virginia Ave at Shop n Save South-West and past WDUQ-FM (Pittsburgh). Virginia Ave at Shop n Save will be near parking.
Meet at Loeffler Building. Go South-West and past Hamburg Hall. It will be near Verizon Wireless. If you reach Forbes Hall, you have gone too far.
Meet at Chipotle. Go past Homewood Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown. Chipotle will be near DiBella's. If you reach Primanti Bros. Restaurant, you have gone too far.
Come to Oxford Building. Walk past Ace Athletic. Oxford Building will be near Marathon.
Meet at Monongahela Lower Station. Go past Grand Concourse. It will be near Monongahela Lower Station.
Meet at West Penn Building. Head past Nicholas Coffee Co. West Penn Building will be near Point Perk.
Meet at Liberty Ave past 10th St. Walk past Farmers Daughter. Liberty Ave past 10th St will be near Images.
Meet at Central Academy. Walk past Pennsylvania Canal Tunnel. Central Academy will be near Central Baptist Church.
Meet at Bradley's Book Outlet. Walk past Peppi's. It will be near Lucy's Handmade Clothing. If you reach Pamela's Diner - Cash only, you have gone too far.
Meet at Dairy Queen. Head past Figleaf and continue to the next block. It will be near Pittsburgh Guitars.
Come to Steel Cactus. Head North-East and past Rite Aid. Steel Cactus will be near Apple Store. If you reach Kards Unlimited, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Altius North-West and past Mount Washington Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh. It will be near Duquesne Upper Station.
Meet at Emiliano's. Walk West and past Mad Momma Designs. It will be near parking.
Come to De Fer Coffee & Tea. Go past Penn Animal Hospital. It will be near Cavo Nightclub.
Meet at Swirl Crepe. Head past Lulu's Noodles. Swirl Crepe will be near Schenley Plaza.
Come to Wood St at Third Ave. Walk past Rivers. It will be near Wood St at Third Ave. If you reach Commonwealth Annex, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Meraki Studio past Osteria 2350 and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Osteria 2350.
Come to Allegheny General Hospital Helipad. Go past Conemaugh Line. It will be near parking.
Walk to the Piada Italian Street Food past Litchfield Towers complex. Piada Italian Street Food will be near Loeffler Building. If you reach Parkvale Building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Boston Market. Head North-East and past Supercuts. It will be near UPMC Shadyside Family Health Center.
Come to Pittsburgh Popcorn. Head South and past Grace Memorial Presbyterian Church. Pittsburgh Popcorn will be near Rita's Italian Ice.
Walk to the OTB Bicycle Café West and past Primanti Brothers. It will be near The Tanning Room LLC.
Go to the Prince of India Restaurant South-West and past Schenley Place. It will be near Thai Hana Restaurant. If you reach Thai Hana Restaurant, you have gone too far.
Come to Sterlings 2. Head South-West and past Sterlings Foyer. Sterlings 2 will be near Women's Restroom East Entrance.
Meet at VIP Styles. Walk South and past Rita's Italian Ice. VIP Styles will be near The Exchange.
Come to First Avenue. Walk past Forbes Garage. It will be near First Avenue.
Meet at Station Square. Walk past Nicholas Coffee Co. It will be near Mon Line.
Meet at Lindo's Restaurant. Walk past Adda Coffee & Tea House. It will be near Parador Inn.
Come to The Inn on Mexican War Streets. Head North-East and past The Inn on Mexican War Streets. The Inn on Mexican War Streets will be near Trinity Lutheran Church.
Come to Jupe Boutique. Walk North-East and past The Library. Jupe Boutique will be near The Library.
Walk to the Christos Mediterranean Grille South-East and past Children's Museum of Pittsburgh. Christos Mediterranean Grille will be near Alihan's Mediterranean Cuisine.
Come to BA Trading. Go North-East and past Federated Tower. BA Trading will be near Yinzers in the Burgh.
Walk to the Oishi Bento West and past The Hiker - Spanish American War Memorial. Oishi Bento will be near Pie Express.
Meet at Pribanic & Pribanic. Walk past Boulevard of the Allies @ Grant Street and continue to the next block. Pribanic & Pribanic will be near Chinatown Inn.
Meet at Martin's Cabin. Head past Charles Anderson Memorial Bridge. Martin's Cabin will be near David Lawrence Pavilion.
Come to Penn Station. Walk past Centre Tower Apartments and continue to the next block. Penn Station will be near Qdoba.
Meet at Auto's Professional Landscaping. Head past North Side Beer. Auto's Professional Landscaping will be near Rite Aid Pharmacy.
Walk to the Custom Frame Shop past Open Stage Theatre. Custom Frame Shop will be near Bernie's Photo Center. If you reach Mueller's Hardware, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Pittsburgh City Theatre past Kaufmann's Clock. It will be near Quantum Theatre. If you reach Quantum Theatre, you have gone too far.
Come to CHARLIE MURDOCHS Dueling Piano Bar. Walk past Jack's Bar. It will be near SILVER EYE CENTER FOR PHOTOGRAPHY.
Go to the Advance Auto Parts North-East and past Local Bar + Kitchen. Advance Auto Parts will be near State Liquor Store.
Go to the Dippy past Seoul Mart. It will be near Stephen Foster.
Walk past Pizza Parma and meet at The Exchange Buy-Sell-Trade. The Exchange Buy-Sell-Trade will be near Fine Wine & Good Spirits.
Head South and past Bistro To Go Cafe and meet at Wood Street. Wood Street will be near Wood Street.
Head South and past Matthews International Company and meet at Visionworks. Visionworks will be near Rock'n Joe.
Head to the Office of Occupational & Vocational Rehabilitation past 7th and Penn Parklet. Office of Occupational & Vocational Rehabilitation will be near Rite Aid Pharmacy. If you reach Pact Building, you have gone too far.
Come to Traders. Go past Italian Village Pizza. It will be near Allegheny Entrance.
Meet at Selection Boutique. Go past Fitzgerald Fieldhouse. It will be near Verizon Wireless.
Head South-West and past Pittsburgh Parking Court and meet at Genoa Pizza. Genoa Pizza will be near parking.
Walk to the Pipers Pub West and past Emiliano's. Pipers Pub will be near Burger King.
Meet at Clark Bar & Grill. Go past Red Lot 5A. Clark Bar & Grill will be near Clark Building.
Meet at Selection Boutique. Go past Loeffler Building and continue to the next intersection. Selection Boutique will be near University of Pittsburgh Innovation Institute.
Go to the Grant Thornton LLP North-West and past Moe's Southwest Grill. It will be near First National Bank.
Come to Mamaux Building. Go past South Stairwell Entrance. Mamaux Building will be near Gateway Center Post Office.
Come to Kohli's. Head past Henry Heymann Theatre. It will be near Culture Shop.
Walk to the Pittsburgh Plate Glass Building South-West and past Mike & Tony's Gyros. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Building will be near Tower Two-Sixty. If you reach Lubin and Smalley, you have gone too far.
Go to the Custom Frame Shop North-East and past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near Cricket Wireless. If you reach Cricket Wireless, you have gone too far.
Go to the Stephen Foster Memorial Museum South-East and past Thackeray Hall. Stephen Foster Memorial Museum will be near Center for American Music.
Come to Boyd Building. Walk past D&K Stores. It will be near Pizza Fiesta. If you reach Giggles, you have gone too far.
Come to Leaf & Bean. Head past La Prima Espresso Company. It will be near Penn Avenue Fish Co. If you reach S&D Polish Deli, you have gone too far.
Go to the Siegel and Portnoy past Kyklops Tattoo and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Escobar.
Meet at Wood St at Sixth Ave. Walk West and past Miller Street Baptist Church. It will be near Downtown Subway.
Meet at Subway. Head past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near parking.
Meet at Peoples Natural Gas. Walk South-East and past Red Lot 7A. It will be near McFadden's Saloon.
Meet at Reyna Foods Mexican Grocery. Go North-East and past Pittsburgh Line. It will be near Deluca's Diner.
Come to Chick'n Bubbly. Go past Gyros. Chick'n Bubbly will be near Primanti's.
Meet at Doncaster On Fifth. Head West and past Mellon Green. It will be near McCormick & Schmick's.
Go to the Goodwill past Rita's Italian Ice. Goodwill will be near Arnold's Tea. If you reach JR's Bar, you have gone too far.
Come to Mamaux Building. Head South-East and past USW | United Steelworkers. Mamaux Building will be near Spa Jema.
Come to Flowershow Studio. Walk South and past Forbes Garage. Flowershow Studio will be near Unforgettable Creations.
Meet at Urban League of Pittsburgh. Go past Steel Plaza. Urban League of Pittsburgh will be near R & B's Pizza Place.
Come to Subba Asian Restaurant. Head South-West and past The Northside Chronicle. Subba Asian Restaurant will be near East Ohio St at Cedar Ave. If you reach Boost Mobile, you have gone too far.
Meet at Forbes Tower Parking. Head past Soldier's and Sailor's Lawn. It will be near Forbes Semple Garage.
Come to Subway. Walk North-East and past Starbucks. Subway will be near Bridges & Bourbon. If you reach Sienna Mercato, you have gone too far.
Go to the PNC ATM 7 blocks past TrueRunner. It will be near PNC ATM.
Meet at The Warhol Cafe. Go North-East and past Soho. It will be near The Andy Warhol Museum.
Come to Levelz sports lounge. Walk past Esser's Floral Shop. It will be near Soul II Sole.
Come to Wood Street. Go past Embassy Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown. Wood Street will be near Wood Street.
Come to Carnegie Library of Allegheny. Head South-East and past Omni William Penn Hotel. It will be near National City Bank. If you reach Pittsburgh Parks and Recreation Department, you have gone too far.
Come to Bruegger's Bagels. Go South-East and past Fanny Edel Falk Laboratory School. Bruegger's Bagels will be near Crazy Mocha.
Meet at Future Tenant Art Space. Go past Photo Antiques. It will be near 9th St at Penn Ave.
Come to Restroom Entrance. Walk North-West and past Smithfield Street Bridge. It will be near Ballroom 3 West Entrance.
Go to the Touch of Gold & Silver West and past Stephen Foster. Touch of Gold & Silver will be near Chikn. If you reach P&G Pamela's Diner, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Edgar's Best Tacos North-East from Bella Notte for 16 blocks. Edgar's Best Tacos will be near 2545 Penn Ave.. If you reach 2545 Penn Ave., you have gone too far.
Head South-East and past Buhl Building and meet at Subway. Subway will be near YWCA of Greater Pittsburgh.
Head past Victory Baptist Church and meet at Manchester Elementary School Library. Manchester Elementary School Library will be near Pilgrim Baptist Church.
Come to Nadine's Restaurant. Head past Le Brew House. It will be near Goodwill South Side Store.
Come to Sixth Ave at Smithfield St. Head South-East and past 106 Isabella. It will be near Heinz 57 Center.
Walk to the Brigade West Entrance West from Wyndham Grand Pittsburgh Downtown for 2 intersections. Brigade West Entrance will be near Liberty Room.
Come to Eddie Merlot's Prime Aged Beef and Seafood. Head South and past Duquesne Building. It will be near Boston Consulting Group.
Walk to the Eyetique 3 intersections past Toadflax. It will be near Shadyside Variety Store. If you reach Pandora, you have gone too far.
Meet at Allegheny Court Bulding. Go West and past Bernie's Photo Center. It will be near Bo Makeup Studio.
Head to the E Carson St at Station Square South-West and past Embassy Suites by Hilton Pittsburgh Downtown. E Carson St at Station Square will be near E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge.
Come to Benedum Center. Go past Wood Street. It will be near 707 Penn Gallery.
Meet at BeehIve Coffee. Head South-East and past Allegheny County Jail. It will be near Slacker.
Meet at Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts. Head past Stephen Foster. Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts will be near Dero.
Head to the 7th St at Ft Duquesne Blvd past Ewart Building. It will be near Bridgestreet The Encore on 7th.
Meet at Logan's Pub. Walk North and past Pittsburgh Institute of Religion. Logan's Pub will be near K & T's Fish & Chicken.
Go to the Allegheny County Library Association Bookmobile Center Library past West End Branch. It will be near Knowledge Connection Library.
Come to Leaf & Bean. Walk 3 intersections past City of Pittsburgh EMS Training Division. It will be near Hot Haute Hot. If you reach S&D Polish Deli, you have gone too far.
Come to Mon Line. Walk past Allegheny County Garage. It will be near Panhandle Bridge.
Head to the Denim Express South and past George L. Wilson & Co. Inc.. It will be near Wood St between Forbes & Fifth.
Meet at Rothrock's Kung Fu & Tai Chi Academy. Head past Rothrock's Kung Fu & Tai Chi Academy. Rothrock's Kung Fu & Tai Chi Academy will be near Archies on Carson.
Come to Northwest Savings Bank (Oakland branch). Go past Hemingway's. Northwest Savings Bank (Oakland branch) will be near Butterjoint.
Head to the Fifthwood Building past Wood Street Galleries. Fifthwood Building will be near Kashi Jewelers.
Meet at Fine Wine & Good Spirits. Head past Alcoa Corporate Center. Fine Wine & Good Spirits will be near Triangle Park.
Walk South-West and past Penn Animal Hospital and meet at Penn Animal Hospital. Penn Animal Hospital will be near Yinzers.
Meet at Sterlings 3 Entrance. Go North-West and past 3 Rivers Lounge. It will be near Kings Garden South.
Go North-East and past Achieva Mailing Service and meet at Cloud Cryotherapy. Cloud Cryotherapy will be near Talent Group.
Come to PNC ATM. Walk 3 blocks past Steel Cactus. PNC ATM will be near PNC ATM.
Come to New Destiny CME Church. Head South-West and past Fort Wayne Line. It will be near parking.
Come to Northside Associates. Go North-West and past Fort Wayne Line. Northside Associates will be near parking.
Come to Allegheny Court Bulding. Walk past Nova Place. It will be near Light of Life Rescue Mission.
Walk to the Crêpes Parisiennes past PNC Bank. Crêpes Parisiennes will be near Mark Anthony Hair Salon. If you reach Snow Lion Imports, you have gone too far.
Meet at Cioppino Restaurant & Cigar Bar. Go South-West and past BW Wholesale Florist. Cioppino Restaurant & Cigar Bar will be near Osteria 2350.
Come to Forbes Tobacco. Head past Petersen Events Center. It will be near Sushi Fuku.
Go to the Zorbas past Smithfield Street Bridge at Station Square. It will be near Italian Village Pizza.
Meet at Pennsylvania Macaroni Co. Walk past Pamela's Diner - Cash only. Pennsylvania Macaroni Co will be near Allegheny Coffee & Tea Exchange.
Meet at Level 7. Walk North-East and past Wee the People Day Care Center. Level 7 will be near AC Hotel by Marriott Pittsburgh Downtown.
Head to the Point Park University Library West and past One PPG Place. Point Park University Library will be near Weldin's. If you reach Denim Express, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Tanning Room LLC past Excuses Bar and Grill. It will be near Le Brew House.
Come to Sterlings 3. Walk North-West and past Allegheny Valley Bank of Pittsburgh. It will be near Birmingham.
Go to the Nimlok South-West and past Slater & Sons. Nimlok will be near Technique By Toni. If you reach Technique By Toni, you have gone too far.
Meet at Framezilla!. Head past Mon Aimee Chocolat. It will be near Pennock Floral Pittsburgh.
Walk North-East and past West Park and meet at Brugge on North. Brugge on North will be near Garden Theater.
Come to Edgar's Best Tacos. Go. When you pass WesBanco Bank, you'll be just     16 intersections away. Edgar's Best Tacos will be near Molly's Trolleys. If you reach Accessory Hair Studio, you have gone too far.
Come to Manchester Academic Charter School. Go past Rite Aid Pharmacy. Manchester Academic Charter School will be near Training Wheels Day Care Center.
Meet at Perlora. Walk West and past In The Blood Tattoo. It will be near Mallorca.
Come to Laurie's Hallmark. Head past Andy Warhol Bridge. Laurie's Hallmark will be near Crystal River Gems.
Meet at Grant St at US Steel Building A. Head past Bridges & Bourbon. Grant St at US Steel Building A will be near Grant St at US Steel Building B.
Come to Nicki's Thai Kitchen. Walk North-West and past Manchester Bridge pier. It will be near City Books. If you reach Allegheny Sandwich Shop, you have gone too far.
Come to R & B's Pizza Place. Walk past Smithfield St at Fort Pitt Blvd and continue to the next intersection. R & B's Pizza Place will be near Smithfield News.
Meet at Amazing Books & Records. Go past 7-Eleven. Amazing Books & Records will be near There Ultra Lounge. If you reach Ewart Building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Sambok Korean Groceries. Walk past Office of Occupational & Vocational Rehabilitation. Sambok Korean Groceries will be near Stan's Market.
Come to Mullen's On Carson. Go past Mike & Tony's Gyros. Mullen's On Carson will be near Siegel and Portnoy.
Meet at Pennsylvania Macaroni Co. Walk. When you pass 4J Imports, you'll be just     3 intersections away. Pennsylvania Macaroni Co will be near Stamoolis Brothers Company.
Go South-West and past Gandy Dancer and meet at Virginia Ave at Shop n Save. Virginia Ave at Shop n Save will be near parking.
Meet at General Merchandise Outlet. Go past The Art Institute of Pittsburgh. General Merchandise Outlet will be near Penn Ave Pottery.
Walk to the PNC Bank North-West and past Wood Street. It will be near Grant Thornton LLP.
Meet at Greater Allen Christian Academy. Head North-West and past Calvin L. Sheffield Funeral Home, Inc. Greater Allen Christian Academy will be near Allen Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church.
Head to the Rita's Italian Ice North-East and past Allegheny Commons East. Rita's Italian Ice will be near Park House.
Walk North-East and past China Palace and meet at University School. University School will be near Shadyside Inn.
Walk to the Letsche Education Center South-West and past Penn Station. Letsche Education Center will be near St. George Syrian Orthodox Church.
Walk to the Chick-n Grille past Citizens Bank and continue to the next block. Chick-n Grille will be near Fuku Tea. If you reach BQ Lot, you have gone too far.
Go to the Excuses Bar and Grill past Excuses Bar and Grill. It will be near Caffe Davio.
Come to Allegheny City Brewery. Go North-East and past Repurposed For Kids. Allegheny City Brewery will be near S&S Trophy Inc.
Go to the PNC Park Box Office North-West and past Yuzu Kitchen. PNC Park Box Office will be near Steel Cactus Restaurante & Cantina.
Go to the First Baptist Church past Chipotle. It will be near Islamic Center of Pittsburgh.
Head to the North Shore past East Stairway. It will be near J.P. "Honus" Wagner Statue.
Head to the Fine Wine & Good Spirits South-West and past Robert Wholey & Co. Inc. Fine Wine & Good Spirits will be near Fernando's Cafe.
Meet at The Pitt Stop Outside Vendor. Walk South-West and past Cathedral of Learning Panther fountain. It will be near Millenium Panther.
Come to Verizon Wireless. Go past Bruegger's Bagels and continue to the next intersection. Verizon Wireless will be near Loeffler Building. If you reach Parkvale Building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Orient Express. Go South-East and past Rand Building. It will be near Phantom of the Attic Comics.
Go to the Crystal South-West and past Lin's Hair Studio. Crystal will be near Museum Conservation Center. If you reach Mahla Office Furniture, you have gone too far.
Meet at Brigade East Entrance. Walk North-West and past Thayer Hall. Brigade East Entrance will be near Liberty Room Entrance.
Head to the Oakcliffe South-West and past University of Pittsburgh Innovation Institute. Oakcliffe will be near parking.
Walk to the Chipotle past Dero. It will be near Union Grill.
Head to the Smithfield North-West and past G.C. Murphy Store. It will be near Liberty Room Entrance.
Go to the Coffee Tree Roasters North-East from Eyetique for 4 blocks. It will be near L'Occitane. If you reach L'Occitane, you have gone too far.
Head past Litchfield Towers complex and meet at The Book Center. The Book Center will be near Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts.
Head past Elixir Ultra Lounge and continue to the next intersection and meet at Winghart's Burger & Whiskey Bar. Winghart's Burger & Whiskey Bar will be near Blue Lou's.
Come to Benedum Center. Head past Buhl Building. Benedum Center will be near Benedum Center.
Go to the Brugge on North West and past Leo, A Public House. It will be near The Salvation Army.
Come to Katie's Kandy. Walk North and past Thayer Hall. Katie's Kandy will be near Rosso Pizzeria.
Go North and past Duquesne Upper Station and meet at Duquesne Upper Station. Duquesne Upper Station will be near The Grandview Saloon.
Go to the Charters past Liberty Ave at Stanwix St. Charters will be near Forbes Room Entrance.
Meet at Tribute to Children. Go South-West and past Pittsburgh Law Enforcement Memorial. Tribute to Children will be near Manchester Bridge pier.
Come to Oliverio Hair & Nails. Head North-West and past University Center. Oliverio Hair & Nails will be near PNC Bank.
Meet at Mount Washington. Walk past Monongahela Upper Station. It will be near Rite Aid.
Meet at Adda Coffee & Tea House. Walk past Hook Fish & Chicken. It will be near Pappi's.
Meet at Lawyers Building. Head South-West and past Union Trust Building. Lawyers Building will be near Allegheny Valley Bank of Pittsburgh.
Meet at Bakersfield. Head North-East and past Mahla Office Furniture. It will be near King Orthodontics. If you reach The Cultural's Elite Salon & Barber Shop, you have gone too far.
Meet at Primanti's. Head past Stack'd Oakland. Primanti's will be near Touch of Gold & Silver. If you reach Touch of Gold & Silver, you have gone too far.
Walk past Bistro To Go Cafe and meet at Sunoco Gas Station. Sunoco Gas Station will be near parking.
Come to Ormsby Swimming Pool. Go past Pittsburgh Guitars. It will be near Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh: South Side Branch.
Go North-West and past Original Oyster House and meet at Byham Theater. Byham Theater will be near Braddock's American Brasserie.
Go to the H&R Block 4 intersections past Bernie's Photo Center. H&R Block will be near Leverty Jewelers.
Come to Popeyes. Go North-East and past Lothrop Hall. It will be near Thai Hana Restaurant.
Meet at Cowley School. Head past Northside Institutional Church and continue to the next intersection. Cowley School will be near parking.
Walk past Fort Wayne Line and meet at Nicki's Thai Kitchen. Nicki's Thai Kitchen will be near Precious Styles.
Meet at Shirley Apartments. Head past RA Lot. It will be near Webster Hall Parking Garage.
Meet at Amazing Books & Records. Head North-West and past Triangle Building. Amazing Books & Records will be near Mike & Tony's Gyros. If you reach Mike & Tony's Gyros, you have gone too far.
Come to Pittsburgh Gifted Center. Go North-East and past Izzazu Salon & Spa. Pittsburgh Gifted Center will be near Pittsburgh Gifted Center Library.
Meet at Izzazu Salon & Spa. Head past The Cultural's Elite Salon & Barber Shop. It will be near Doncaster On Fifth. If you reach Doncaster On Fifth, you have gone too far.
Head to the Priory Fine Pastries North and past Fiserv Building. It will be near Mueller's Hardware. If you reach Empty office building, you have gone too far.
Go to the Kelly O's Diner in the Strip past Pittsburgh Fire Bureau Station 3. Kelly O's Diner in the Strip will be near 2340 Smallman St. Parking.
Go to the REI past Archies on Carson. REI will be near bicycle_parking.
Meet at Courtyard Winery. Head past Accessory Hair Studio. Courtyard Winery will be near Primanti Bros.
Go to the Pittsburgh Winery past Site. Pittsburgh Winery will be near Klavon's Ice Cream Parlor.
Come to Women's Restroom East Entrance. Walk South-West and past Bricolage Production Company. Women's Restroom East Entrance will be near Sterlings 2 Entrance.
Go to the Lindo's Restaurant past Simba Market. It will be near Parador Inn.
Come to Men's Restroom (East). Head past Pittsburgh Parking Court. It will be near Ballroom Foyer.
Walk South-East and past Wood Street Commons and meet at First Avenue. First Avenue will be near First Avenue.
Meet at Forbes Street Market. Go North-East and past rue21. Forbes Street Market will be near McCormick Hall.
Go past LOOM and meet at Kindred Cycles. Kindred Cycles will be near Accessory Hair Studio.
Come to Rainbow Shops. Walk South and past Fort Wayne Line. Rainbow Shops will be near Sbarro.
Meet at Subba Asian Restaurant. Walk past Conemaugh Line. Subba Asian Restaurant will be near Hallelujah Anyhow Gosepel Barber.
Go North-West and past A.J. Palumbo Center (DU) and meet at Wood Street Galleries. Wood Street Galleries will be near Wood Street.
Come to Bittner Distributors Co. Walk North-East and past Mercy's Gifts & Crafts. It will be near The Dog Stop.
Come to Steel Plaza. Go West and past Omni William Penn Hotel. It will be near Steel Plaza. If you reach Downtown Subway, you have gone too far.
Come to Mark Anthony Hair Salon. Go past Culture Shop and continue to the next block. Mark Anthony Hair Salon will be near Oliverio Hair & Nails. If you reach Snow Lion Imports, you have gone too far.
Meet at Nicholas Lochoff Cloister. Head South and past Northwest Savings Bank (Oakland branch). Nicholas Lochoff Cloister will be near Frick Fine Arts Library - University of Pittsburgh. If you reach Mary Schenley Memorial Fountain, you have gone too far.
Head to the Wendy's North-East and past First United Methodist Church. Wendy's will be near parking.
Meet at Mueller's Hardware. Walk past Allegheny General Hospital. Mueller's Hardware will be near Allegheny Antiques. If you reach Priory Fine Pastries, you have gone too far.
Meet at Warhola Video Productions, Inc. Walk 4 blocks past Penn Avenue Fish Co. Warhola Video Productions, Inc will be near WFH Oriental Market. If you reach Mullaney's Harp and Fiddle Irish Pub, you have gone too far.
Meet at Rumshakers. Go South-East and past Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County. It will be near Doce Taqueria. If you reach Slacker, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Subway past Fine Wine & Good Spirits. It will be near First National Bank.
Meet at Joseph Labriola Sausage. Head past Rothschild Doyno Collaborative. It will be near Colker Company.
Come to Z:Lounge. Go past Salon Uzori. It will be near Mullen's On Carson.
Go past Monongahela Upper Station and meet at Grandview United Presbyterian Church. Grandview United Presbyterian Church will be near Mount Washington Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh.
Head to the Prospect Middle School Library South-West and past E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge. It will be near Prospect Middle School. If you reach Prospect Elementary School Library, you have gone too far.
Go to the Department of Public Works past CityHigh. It will be near Try Street Terminal.
Head past Cricket Wireless and meet at Wine & Spirits. Wine & Spirits will be near The Victory Grill.
Meet at E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge. Walk North-West and past Luxx and Locks Salon and Boutique. E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge will be near South Busway at Station Square.
Come to Saint Hyacinth School. Walk past Forbes Hall. Saint Hyacinth School will be near Latino Catholic Community of Pittsburgh.
Come to 7th St at Ft Duquesne Blvd. Go past Benedum. It will be near Bridgestreet The Encore on 7th.
Meet at H&R Block. Go South-East and past Liberty Avenue Park. It will be near Zorbas.
Come to Boston Market. Walk past Fidelity Bank (Shadyside branch). Boston Market will be near UPMC Shadyside Family Health Center.
Meet at Center for Family Excellence. Go West and past Downtown Subway. Center for Family Excellence will be near Wylie Post Office.
Come to Blue Belt Technologies. Head North-East and past Sargent Electric Company. It will be near parking. If you reach Guardian Storage Strip District, you have gone too far.
Walk past Roberto Clemente Bridge and meet at 3 Rivers Restaurant. 3 Rivers Restaurant will be near North Lobby Concourse.
Meet at UPMC Optical. Head past Litchfield Tower C. UPMC Optical will be near 3619-3621 Forbes Ave. If you reach Iroquois Building, you have gone too far.
Come to Mad Momma Designs. Go West and past Smokin' Joe's Saloon. Mad Momma Designs will be near The Blind Pig.
Walk to the Subway past Zone 2 Cultural District Substation. It will be near Weldin's.
Head to the Wood Street past Fire Station Number 4. Wood Street will be near Downtown Subway.
Meet at Mueller's Hardware. Go past Park House. It will be near Simba Market. If you reach Empty office building, you have gone too far.
Walk past CVS and meet at Logan's Pub. Logan's Pub will be near Sultan Bey.
Come to Bartlett Playground. Walk South-East and past Panther Hollow Lake. Bartlett Playground will be near Bartlett Street Shelter.
Come to Rumshakers. Head past Pittsburgh Guitars. It will be near Doce Taqueria.
Meet at Riviera Jeweler. Walk North-West and past Logan's Pub. Riviera Jeweler will be near Logan's Pub.
Come to Allegheny Antiques. Head North-East and past Bar Louie. Allegheny Antiques will be near Simba Market. If you reach Empty office building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Marathon. Go past Subway. Marathon will be near Hilton Garden Inn Pittsburgh University Place.
Head to the H&R Block South-East from JR's Bar for 3 blocks. H&R Block will be near Rent-A-Center.
Go 2 intersections past Cricket Wireless and meet at Feldstein, Grinberg, Stein, & McKee. Feldstein, Grinberg, Stein, & McKee will be near Hartley-Rose Belting Company Building.
Head to the MetroPCS past Repurposed For Kids. MetroPCS will be near Leverty Jewelers.
Walk to the Caffe Davio past Dollar Bank. It will be near OTB Bicycle Café.
Walk South-East and past Birmingham and meet at Brigade East Entrance. Brigade East Entrance will be near Southwest Stairway.
Go to the Allen Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church past Auto's Professional Landscaping. Allen Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church will be near Greater Allen Christian Academy.
Come to Meraki Studio. Head past Allegheny Subdivision. Meraki Studio will be near Osteria 2350.
Come to Liberty Ave at Stanwix St. Go past Colony Cafe. Liberty Ave at Stanwix St will be near fountain.
Meet at General Merchandise Outlet. Go past Moonlight Express and continue to the next intersection. It will be near 1949 Penn Ave Lot.
Come to Blue Lou's. Head South-East and past Blue Lou's. Blue Lou's will be near Elixir Ultra Lounge.
Meet at Osteria 2350. Go North-East and past Cork Factory Garage. It will be near Cioppino Restaurant & Cigar Bar.
Meet at East Stairway. Head past Nicholas Coffee Co. It will be near Forbes Room.
Walk to the Point Park University Library South-West and past parking. Point Park University Library will be near Boutique la Passerelle. If you reach Arrott Building, you have gone too far.
Meet at Escobar. Go West and past Benny Fierro's. It will be near Subway.
Meet at Allegheny General Hospital Helipad. Walk past North Park. Allegheny General Hospital Helipad will be near parking.
Come to Izzazu Salon & Spa. Walk past United Methodist Foundation of Western Pennsylvania. Izzazu Salon & Spa will be near Oliver Garage/Piatt Place.
Meet at Marathon Gas. Walk North-East and past Virginia Ave at Shop n Save. Marathon Gas will be near Love, Pittsburgh.
Head to the Charters Entrance North-West and past Four Gateway Center. It will be near North Lobby Concourse.
Walk to the East Stairway Entrance past Gateway Station. It will be near Smithfield.
Go to the Penn Station North-East and past Wood Street. Penn Station will be near Penn Station.
Come to Light of Life Rescue Mission. Walk past Nana's Northside Diner and continue to the next intersection. It will be near Deli on North Avenue.
Go to the Blue Belt Technologies North-East and past Penn Avenue Fish Co. It will be near parking. If you reach Guardian Storage Strip District, you have gone too far.
Head to the Allegheny past First National Bank. Allegheny will be near Allegheny.
Meet at Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge. Head North-East and past Northeast Entrance. It will be near Repurposed For Kids. If you reach General Store, you have gone too far.
Come to 707 Penn Gallery. Walk North-East and past Mon Wharf Landing. It will be near 7th and Penn Parklet.
Come to Steel Plaza. Head South-East and past Sisters of Divine Providence Convent. Steel Plaza will be near Steel Plaza.
Come to Scarpaci's Place. Walk past McArdle Roadway Bridge. Scarpaci's Place will be near Marathon Gas.
Walk to the Lillen's Pizza North and past Repurposed For Kids. Lillen's Pizza will be near Mueller's Hardware. If you reach Empty office building, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Sterlings Foyer North-West and past Allegheny Entrance. Sterlings Foyer will be near Lobby Stairway.
Meet at Oliverio Hair & Nails. Head North-East and past Starship. Oliverio Hair & Nails will be near PNC Bank.
Come to Jimmy John's. Head South-East and past Giant Eagle Supermarket. It will be near Bike the Burgh Tours.
Go to the In The Blood Tattoo North-West and past Lins Asian Fusion. In The Blood Tattoo will be near Smokin' Joe's Saloon.
Meet at Walnut Capital Management. Walk past Cappy's Cafe and continue to the next block. It will be near China Palace. If you reach Henne Jewelers, you have gone too far.
Meet at FedEx Office. Head past Dietrich Building. It will be near King Orthodontics.
Go to the Steel Plaza North-West and past Steel Plaza. It will be near Steel Plaza.
Meet at Lobby Stairway. Head past Ballroom 4 South Entrance. It will be near Women's Restroom West Entrance.
Walk West from Fu Lai Chinese Restaurant for 2 blocks and meet at Laurie's Hallmark. Laurie's Hallmark will be near Wok & Grill.
Meet at Penn Avenue Fish Company. Go South-East and past 6th and Penn Garage. Penn Avenue Fish Company will be near Point Park University Library.
Come to Escobar. Go past Pizza Hut. Escobar will be near Judit European Day Spa.
Meet at Rainbow Shops. Head West and past Tower Two-Sixty. Rainbow Shops will be near Sbarro.
Come to Bus Stop. Go West and past Falk Medical Building. It will be near The Corner.
Meet at Smallman Street Deli. Walk past The Cigar Factory Offices. Smallman Street Deli will be near Design Trade Market.
Walk to the Peace, Love & Little Donuts North-East and past Pittsburgh Greyhound Bus Station. It will be near Pamela's Diner - Cash only.
Head to the Au Bon Pain North-East and past Mazzei & Associates. It will be near Emphatics.
Go West and past Head Board and meet at Veterans Leadership Program of Western Pennsylvania. Veterans Leadership Program of Western Pennsylvania will be near Rita's Italian Ice.
Come to Joe & Pie Cafe & Pizzeria. Go past Alcoa Corporate Center. Joe & Pie Cafe & Pizzeria will be near Fine Wine & Good Spirits.
Head to the Forbes Street Market North-West and past Frick Fine Arts Building. Forbes Street Market will be near The Pitt Shop.
Head to the Business Center Entrance North North-West and past CityHigh. Business Center Entrance North will be near Duquesne Room Entrance.
Come to First Avenue. Go South-East and past Firstside Park. First Avenue will be near First Avenue.
Head to the Bea Taco Town past Chinatown Inn. It will be near 420 Boulevard of the Allies.
Walk North-West and past Steel Cactus Restaurante & Cantina and meet at Seubert & Associates, Inc. Seubert & Associates, Inc will be near Hyde Park Prime Steakhouse.
Head to the Healthy Ride Bike Share past Room 16. Healthy Ride Bike Share will be near McDonald's.
Meet at Benny Fierro's. Head West and past AlphaLab. Benny Fierro's will be near Five Star Dentistry.
Meet at WesBanco Bank. Walk past Enrico Biscotti Company. It will be near Stamoolis Brothers Company.
Head to the Kohli's North-East and past Millenium Panther. Kohli's will be near Quiznos.
Come to Men's Restroom (East). Walk North-West and past Triangle Park. It will be near 3 Rivers Lounge.
Go to the Little Idea Bookstore past Legume. The Little Idea Bookstore will be near Glitterbox Theater.
Meet at Allegheny. Go past Allegheny Sandwich Shop. Allegheny will be near Allegheny.
Go past TrueRunner and meet at Oliverio Hair & Nails. Oliverio Hair & Nails will be near PNC Bank.
Come to Monongahela Lower Station. Walk past Conestoga Building. It will be near Monongahela Lower Station.
Walk past Mon Aimee Chocolat and meet at Zerrer's Antiques. Zerrer's Antiques will be near Preeti's Pitt.
Head to the Starbucks past City of Pittsburgh River Safety Center. Starbucks will be near 7-Eleven.
Head to the Joseph Labriola Sausage North-East and past Outlaw Studios. It will be near City of Pittsburgh Department of Public Works Traffic Division.
Head to the 3 Rivers Restaurant West and past Wood Street Galleries. 3 Rivers Restaurant will be near Men's Restroom (East).
Walk past Bruegger's Bagels and meet at First Avenue. First Avenue will be near First Avenue.
Go North-West and past The Allegheny and meet at Mezza Luna Cafe. Mezza Luna Cafe will be near Bo Makeup Studio.
Walk to the Nicki's Thai Kitchen past East Ohio St opp Union Ave. Nicki's Thai Kitchen will be near Precious Styles. If you reach Allegheny Court Bulding, you have gone too far.
Meet at Pandora's Box and Gallery. Head past Perlora. It will be near Cupka's Cafe.
Walk to the Cavo Nightclub past Mahla Office Furniture. Cavo Nightclub will be near Cake Nightclub.
Come to Pie Express. Go South-West and past Razzy Fresh. Pie Express will be near McDonald's. If you reach Bruegger's Bagels, you have gone too far.
Come to Commonwealth Two Entrance. Go past Commonwealth Two. Commonwealth Two Entrance will be near Rivers.
Meet at Lobby Stairway. Head past Gateway Center Park. It will be near Heinz Entrance.
Come to The Salvation Army. Walk 2 intersections past Garden Theater. It will be near Brugge on North.
Meet at Barry's Pub. Walk West and past Soul II Sole. Barry's Pub will be near Jack's Bar.
Head to the National City Bank past Au Bon Pain. National City Bank will be near Rainbow Shops.
Meet at The Yard. Walk past I Tea Cafe and continue to the next intersection. The Yard will be near Henne Jewelers.
Go to the FlixBus Pittsburgh North-East and past Fernando's Cafe. FlixBus Pittsburgh will be near CobblerWorld.
Head to the La Prima Espresso Company North-East from Bradley's Book Outlet for 3 intersections. La Prima Espresso Company will be near Jade 99 Asian Market.
Come to The Cultural's Elite Salon & Barber Shop. Head North-East and past Ewart Building. It will be near Courtyard by Marriott Pittsburgh Downtown.
Come to Bakersfield. Go North and past Bruegger's Bagels. It will be near August Henry's Burger Bar. If you reach Sienna Mercato, you have gone too far.
Head West and past Downtown Subway and meet at Men's Restroom (East). Men's Restroom (East) will be near Restroom.
Go to the Roberts Building past Point Park University Library. Roberts Building will be near Cardamone's Hair & Nail Salon. If you reach Sneaker Villa, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Strip District Meats North-East and past Mancini's Bread Co. Strip District Meats will be near Hot Haute Hot.
Walk to the Wood St between Forbes & Fifth South-East and past Women's Restroom West Entrance. Wood St between Forbes & Fifth will be near Wood St between Forbes & Fifth.
Head South-West and past Andy Warhol Bridge and meet at Laurie's Hallmark. Laurie's Hallmark will be near Katie's Kandy.
Head North-East and past Senator John Heinz History Center and meet at Lin's Hair Studio. Lin's Hair Studio will be near Maiku Sushi and Pho.
Walk past Love, Pittsburgh and meet at Prospect Elementary School Library. Prospect Elementary School Library will be near Prospect Middle School.
Head to the Rivertowne North Shore past J.P. "Honus" Wagner Statue. Rivertowne North Shore will be near Southern Tier Brewing Co..
Walk to the Dees Cafe past Duquesne Litho building. Dees Cafe will be near Slacker.
Head to the Dollar Tree North-East and past Dollar Tree. Dollar Tree will be near parking.
Walk to the Pittsburgh Wool past Pittsburgh Wool. It will be near Sophisticated Hair Design By Nikki.
Go to the Penn Station past Liberty Ave opp 9th St. It will be near Downtown Subway.
Meet at Bangal Kebab House & Restaurant. Go South-East and past Victoria Building. Bangal Kebab House & Restaurant will be near Sichuan Gourmet. If you reach Mad Mex, you have gone too far.
Come to Gateway. Go past JR's Bar. It will be near Liberty Avenue Park.
Come to The Used Car Store. Head North-West and past Metropolitan Baptist Church. It will be near Dave's Barber Shop.
Go to the Oliver Garage/Piatt Place North-East and past Sneaker Villa. Oliver Garage/Piatt Place will be near Izzazu Salon & Spa.
Go to the Bead Mine South-East and past UPMC Mercy. The Bead Mine will be near Blue Grotto Pizza. If you reach Philip Pelusi Salons, you have gone too far.
Meet at Christos Mediterranean Grille. Head South-East and past Badamo's Pizza. Christos Mediterranean Grille will be near Pork & Beans.
Meet at Mount Washington. Head past South Busway at Station Square. Mount Washington will be near Rite Aid.
Meet at Wine & Spirits. Walk past Siempre Algo. Wine & Spirits will be near Derwin Rushing Magisterial Judge. If you reach Alex's Ice Cream, you have gone too far.
Come to Henne Jewelers. Go past UPitt Playground. Henne Jewelers will be near The Yard. If you reach Rite Aid, you have gone too far.
Meet at Penn Station. Head South-West and past Senator John Heinz History Center. Penn Station will be near Downtown Subway.
Head to the PURE Optical past Boston Consulting Group. It will be near Easy Street. If you reach Salvation Army Temple, you have gone too far.
Meet at Fifth Third Bank. Walk North-East and past Dina Ellen. Fifth Third Bank will be near S.W. Randall Toyes & Giftes.
Meet at Men's Restroom Entrance. Go past Hyde Park Prime Steakhouse. Men's Restroom Entrance will be near 3 Rivers Lounge.
Go to the Charity Randall Theatre past Collaborative Innovation Center. Charity Randall Theatre will be near Stephen Foster Memorial.
Walk South-East and past Pittsburgh Parking Authority and meet at Pittsburgh Parking Authority. Pittsburgh Parking Authority will be near Christos Mediterranean Grille.
Meet at First Baptist Church. Walk past Chick'n Bubbly. First Baptist Church will be near Islamic Center of Pittsburgh.
Come to Starbucks. Head South-East and past Allegheny Court Bulding. It will be near Physical Education Building.
Come to Starship. Walk South-West and past David Lawrence Hall. Starship will be near Sennott Square. If you reach rue21, you have gone too far.
Come to Ballroom 3 West Entrance. Go West and past Kashi Jewelers. It will be near Le Bateau.
Head North-East and past Joseph Labriola Sausage and meet at Mechele's Wellness Spa. Mechele's Wellness Spa will be near Freedom Fitness Facility.
Meet at Pamela's Diner. Head past The Coffee Tree Roasters. Pamela's Diner will be near L'Occitane. If you reach Jitters Cafe & Ice Cream, you have gone too far.
Go to the Urban Pathways Public Charter School North-East and past Mellon National Bank Building. Urban Pathways Public Charter School will be near Urban Pathways K-5 College Charter School.
Head North-West and past One Gateway Center and meet at Southern Pennsylvania World War 2 Memorial. Southern Pennsylvania World War 2 Memorial will be near North Shore Riverfront Park.
Go West and past Elixir Ultra Lounge and meet at A1-PC Computer Shop. A1-PC Computer Shop will be near Archies on Carson.
Go to the North Shore Endoscopy North-West and past Beerhead Bar. North Shore Endoscopy will be near Allegheny General Hospital Lab.
Come to Penn Station. Head North and past Fairfax Apartments. Penn Station will be near Papa John's.
Come to Planetary Robotics Lab Highbay doors. Walk past Facilities Management Services Building. Planetary Robotics Lab Highbay doors will be near Gates Garage entrance.
Head to the Rite Aid past Arnold's Tea. Rite Aid will be near H&R Block.
Meet at Commonwealth Two Entrance. Head South-East and past Ballroom 2 West Entrance. It will be near Ft. Pitt Entrance.
Come to My Sweet Lilly. Walk North-East and past J. Marcus Company. It will be near Reyna Foods Mexican Grocery. If you reach Bradley's Book Outlet, you have gone too far.
Walk to the Starbucks North-West and past Cricket Wireless. Starbucks will be near Subway.
Meet at Escobar. Head past Philip Pelusi Salons. It will be near S & S Candy & Cigar Co.
Walk to the Grant St at Liberty Ave (Federal Building) past Liberty Ave opp 9th St. It will be near William S. Moorhead Federal Building.
Walk to the University of Pittsburgh Innovation Institute past UPMC Oakland. It will be near GameStop.
Walk to the Three PPG Place North-West and past Einstein Bros. Bagels. Three PPG Place will be near Einstein Bros. Bagels.
Go to the Litchfield Tower A past Scaife Hall. Litchfield Tower A will be near Litchfield Tower B.
Meet at TIKI LOUNGE. Walk past Mcardle's Pub. TIKI LOUNGE will be near Judit European Day Spa.
Go to the E House Company South-East and past Pittsburgh City Courthouse. The E House Company will be near Carson Street Deli & Craft Beer Bar.
Meet at Kindred Cycles. Head past AT&T. Kindred Cycles will be near Accessory Hair Studio.
Come to The Capital Grille. Walk North-West and past Downtown Subway. The Capital Grille will be near Pittsburgh Downtown Branch Library. If you reach Doncaster On Fifth, you have gone too far.
Head to the Tamarind past Schenley House. Tamarind will be near Pittsburgh Community Services.
Come to Yuzu Kitchen. Head past Sterlings 3 Entrance. Yuzu Kitchen will be near Point Park University Library. If you reach Brightside Academy, you have gone too far.
Meet at Bo Makeup Studio. Go past Bo Makeup Studio. Bo Makeup Studio will be near Refucilo Winery. If you reach Nicki's Thai Kitchen, you have gone too far.
Meet at Greater Allen Christian Academy. Head past Columbus Avenue Bridge and continue to the next intersection. Greater Allen Christian Academy will be near Allen Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church.
Come to Pizza Hut. Go North and past Carnegie Mellon police station. It will be near Library for the Blind Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh.
Come to Perlora. Walk past Dees Cafe. Perlora will be near Mallorca.
Go to the Verve 360 past Original Oyster House. It will be near Arthur Murray Dance Studio.
Head to the Virginia Ave at Bigham St North-West and past Shop 'n Save. Virginia Ave at Bigham St will be near Haven Heights Methodist Church.
Come to Commonwealth Two Entrance. Walk past Penn Avenue Place. Commonwealth Two Entrance will be near Ballroom 1 West Entrance.
Head to the North Oakland past D'Arlington. North Oakland will be near Schenley Place.
Meet at Hookah Bookah. Go West and past Pittsburgh Jeans Company. It will be near Le Brew House.
Head past United American Savings Bank and meet at Fat Head's. Fat Head's will be near Bruegger's Bagels.
Meet at Liberty Bail Bonds. Head South-West and past Penn Ave Pottery. It will be near Byrnes & Kiefer Building. If you reach Eide's Entertainment, you have gone too far.
Come to The Oaklander Hotel an Autograph Collection. Head past Posvar Hall Garage. The Oaklander Hotel an Autograph Collection will be near Pittsburgh Athletic Association.
Meet at The Exchange Buy-Sell-Trade. Head North-East and past August Wilson Center for African American Culture. The Exchange Buy-Sell-Trade will be near Joe & Pie Cafe & Pizzeria.
Go to the South Stairwell Entrance South-West and past Board Room. It will be near East Stairway Entrance.
Go North-West and past CADnetics and meet at Monongahela Lower Station. Monongahela Lower Station will be near Monongahela Lower Station.
Head past Try Street Terminal and meet at Luxx and Locks Salon and Boutique. Luxx and Locks Salon and Boutique will be near SILVER EYE CENTER FOR PHOTOGRAPHY.
Come to Condado Tacos. Head North-East and past Fernando's Cafe. Condado Tacos will be near George's Tailor Shop.
Meet at Bloom Cigar Company. Head past Slacker. Bloom Cigar Company will be near Barry's Pub.
Come to Penn Avenue Fish Company. Go South-East and past Kings Garden North Entrance. Penn Avenue Fish Company will be near The Headgear.
Come to Our Lady of Fatima Chapel. Head past Cindy Esther Plaza. It will be near parking.
Come to Woodlawn Apartments. Head past Shady Grove. It will be near Sprit House.
Go to the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 623 past Allegheny Commons East. It will be near Allegheny Sandwich Shop. If you reach City Books, you have gone too far.
Come to ZAP Solutions. Head North and past 7th and Penn Parklet. It will be near WTW Architects.
Come to Veterans Leadership Program. Go North-East and past EQT Natural Gas for Vehicles. It will be near EQT Natural Gas for Vehicles.
Walk to the Starbucks past Chikn and continue to the next intersection. Starbucks will be near McDonald's. If you reach GameStop, you have gone too far.
Come to Peet's Coffee. Walk past Sennott Square and continue to the next block. It will be near Chipotle. If you reach Verizon Wireless, you have gone too far.
Meet at Allegheny Center. Go North-West and past 1 Allegheny Square. Allegheny Center will be near Children's Museum of Pittsburgh.
Go past Conestoga Building and meet at Heinz. Heinz will be near Lobby Stairway.
Go to the Fifthwood Building South-West and past Images. It will be near Wood St between Forbes & Fifth.
Come to Pashek Associates. Walk past Pashek Associates. It will be near Leverty Jewelers.
Come to Grandview United Presbyterian Church. Walk South-East and past Saint Marys School. It will be near Mount Washington Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh.
Walk to the East Stairway past Eighth Street Lots. It will be near East Lobby Concourse.
Walk to the Cruze Bar past Fort Wayne Line. Cruze Bar will be near parking. If you reach Stay Alfred at 1627 on The Strip, you have gone too far.
Meet at R Wine Cellar - Pittsburgh Urban Winery. Go past Hens and Chicks. It will be near Peace, Love & Little Donuts.
Walk to the 530 Melwood Building past Pittsburgh Institute of Religion. It will be near 530 Melwood property.
Come to Madison Elementary School. Walk past Robert E. Williams Park. It will be near Madison Elementary School Library.
Come to Cloud Cryotherapy. Head past Saint Stanislaus Church. It will be near Talent Group.
Meet at Bellefield Presbyterian Church bell tower. Walk past Log Cabin. Bellefield Presbyterian Church bell tower will be near Music Building.
Walk to the Flowershow Studio South-West and past Lawyers Building. It will be near Starbucks.
Come to Bae Bae's Kitchen. Go South-West and past Shehady Carpet & Rugs. Bae Bae's Kitchen will be near Pizza Parma.
Come to Bellefield Presbyterian Church bell tower. Go South and past Northwest Savings Bank (Oakland branch). Bellefield Presbyterian Church bell tower will be near Music Building.
Meet at Stephen Foster Memorial Museum. Head South-West and past LC Lot. Stephen Foster Memorial Museum will be near Stephen Foster Memorial.
Go to the Lubin and Smalley past The Headgear and continue to the next intersection. Lubin and Smalley will be near Starbucks.
Come to Charity Randall Theatre. Head South and past Gailliot Center for Newman Studies. It will be near Stephen Foster Memorial.
Meet at In The Kitchen. Go South-West and past Enrico Biscotti Company. It will be near Sambok Korean Groceries. If you reach Robert Wholey & Co. Inc, you have gone too far.
Come to Butterjoint. Walk past Litchfield Towers complex. Butterjoint will be near Legume.
Walk to the Subway South-West and past Community College of Allegheny County Administration Building. Subway will be near parking.
Meet at Rita's Italian Ice. Walk past Litchfield Towers lobby. It will be near Citizens Bank.
Come to Martin's Cabin. Head South-West and past Westinghouse Shelter. Martin's Cabin will be near David Lawrence Pavilion.
Come to Vietnam Veterans Pavilion. Walk past Anderson Playground. It will be near parking.
Head North-East and past Brightside Academy and meet at Sbarro. Sbarro will be near National City Bank.
Come to Religious Society of Friends. Head West and past Bellefield. Religious Society of Friends will be near Metropolitan Community Church.
Go South-East and past Andy Warhol Bridge and meet at Smithfield St at 6th Ave. Smithfield St at 6th Ave will be near Downtown and Business Branch Carnegie Free Library of Pittsburgh.
Meet at Saint Benedict the Moor School. Walk North-East and past Weil Technology Elementary School. Saint Benedict the Moor School will be near Saint Benedict the Moor Convent.
Walk to the Book Discount Warehouse North-West and past Conemaugh Line. It will be near Nicki's Thai Kitchen. If you reach Refucilo Winery, you have gone too far.
Come to Biomedical Science Tower South. Go past UPMC Oakland. It will be near Eye and Ear Hospital.
Meet at The Book Center. Head past Litchfield Tower C and continue to the next block. It will be near Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts. If you reach Holland Hall, you have gone too far.
Come to Cricket Wireless. Go North-East and past Downtown Subway. Cricket Wireless will be near 941 Saloon.
Head to the Asia Tea House past Mesa. It will be near Mesa.
Come to Fifth Third Bank. Walk North-East from Apple Store for 4 intersections. It will be near PNC ATM.
Come to Phantom of the Attic Games. Walk North-East and past Forbes-Craig Apartments. It will be near Caliban Book Shop.
Head to the E Carson St at Station Square past Convention Tower. It will be near E Carson St at Smithfield St Bridge.
Meet at Scherer Lock & Supply. Walk West and past Trinity Lutheran Church. Scherer Lock & Supply will be near War Streets Parklet.
Come to Doscher's. Go North-West and past Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh-Allegheny. Doscher's will be near Allegheny General Hospital Lab.
Come to China Palace. Head past China Palace. It will be near PNC ATM. If you reach Rite Aid, you have gone too far.
Meet at Pipers Pub. Go past Dollar Bank. It will be near Burger King.
Come to University Art Gallery. Walk past P&W Subdivision. University Art Gallery will be near The Hiker - Spanish American War Memorial.
Head past Pittsburgh Greyhound Bus Station and continue to the next block and meet at FlixBus Pittsburgh. FlixBus Pittsburgh will be near Bike the Burgh Tours.